History of the United States
 United States was
 inhabited by 
The land which became the 
Native Americans for tens of
 thousands of years; their descendants include
 but may not be limited to 574 federally
 recognized tribes. The history of the present
day United States began in 1607 with the
 establishment of 
Jamestown in modern-day
 Virginia by settlers who arrived from the
 Kingdom of England, and the landing of the
 Mayflower by English pilgrims to 
Plymouth in
 1620. In the late 15th century, 
European
 colonization began and largely decimated
 Indigenous 
societies 
through 
and
 epidemics. By the 1760s, the 
wars 
Current territories of the 
United States after the 
Thirteen Colonies,
 Trust
 Territory of the Pacific Islands were given independence
 in October 1994
 then part of 
British America and the 
Kingdom
 of Great Britain, were established. The 
Southern Colonies built an agricultural system on 
enslaving millions from Africa. After the British victory over the 
Indian Wars, 
Parliament imposed a series of taxes and issued the 
slave labor and
 Kingdom of France in the 
French and
 Intolerable Acts on the colonies in 1773,
 which were designed to end self-governance. Tensions between the colonies and British authorities
 subsequently intensified, leading to the 
Revolutionary War, which commenced with the 
Battles of
 Lexington and Concord on April 19, 1775. In June 1775, the 
Second Continental Congress established the
 Continental Army and unanimously selected 
George Washington as its commander-in-chief. The
 following year, on July 4, 1776, the Second Continental Congress unanimously declared its
 independence, issuing the 
Declaration of Independence. On September 3, 1783, in the 
Treaty of Paris, the
 British acknowledged the independence and sovereignty of the Thirteen Colonies, leading to the
 establishment of the United States. On September 17, 1787, the 
U.S. Constitution was signed by a
 majority of delegates, and was later ratified by the 
Thirteen Colonies, leading to first modern U.S.
 government.
 In the 
1788-89 presidential election, Washington was elected the nation's first 
his 
Treasury Secretary, 
U.S. president. Along with
 Alexander Hamilton, Washington sought to create a relatively stronger central
 government than that favored by other 
founders, including 
Thomas Jefferson and 
James Madison. On
 March 4, 1789, the new nation 
debated, adopted, and ratified the 
U.S. Constitution, which is now the
 oldest and longest-standing written and codified national constitution in the world.
 [1] In 1791, a 
Rights was added to guarantee 
Bill of
 inalienable rights. In 1803, Jefferson, then serving as the 
nation's third
 president, negotiated the 
Louisiana Purchase, which doubled the size of the country. Encouraged by
 available, inexpensive land, and the notion of 
manifest destiny, the country expanded to the 
underwent 
westward expansion in a project of 
Pacific Coast
 settler colonialism marked by a 
series of conflicts with the
 continent's indigenous inhabitants. The most notable advocate of 
manifest destiny was President 
James K.
 Polk, who annexed 
Texas in 1845, and declared war on 
Mexico the next year. An overwhelming U.S.
victory in the Mexican-American War led to the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo in 1848, where the U.S.
 acquired much of the American Southwest from Mexico. Whether or not slavery should be legal in the
 expanded territories was an issue of national contention, and led to increasing tensions over slavery.
 Following the election of Abraham Lincoln as the nation's 16th president in the 1860 presidential
 election, southern states seceded and formed the pro-slavery Confederate States of America. In April
 1861, at the Battle of Fort Sumter, Confederates launched the Civil War. However, the Union's victory at
 the Battle of Gettysburg, the deadliest battle in American military history with over 50,000 casualties,
 proved a turning point in the war, leading to the Union's victory in 1865, which preserved the nation. On
 April 15, 1865, Lincoln was assassinated. The Confederates' defeat led to the abolition of slavery. In the
 subsequent Reconstruction era from 1865 to 1877, the national government gained explicit duty to protect
 individual rights. In 1877, white southern Democrats regained political power in the South, often using
 paramilitary suppression of voting and Jim Crow laws to maintain white supremacy. During the Gilded
 Age from the late 19th century to the early 20th century, the United States emerged as the world's leading
 industrial power, largely due to entrepreneurship, industrialization, and the arrival of millions of
 immigrant workers. Dissatisfaction with corruption, inefficiency, and traditional politics stimulated the
 Progressive movement, leading to reforms, including to the federal income tax, direct election of U.S.
 Senators, citizenship for many Indigenous people, alcohol prohibition, and women's suffrage.
 Initially neutral during World War I, the United States declared war on Germany in 1917, joining the
 successful Allies. After the prosperous Roaring Twenties, the Wall Street crash of 1929 marked the onset
 of a decade-long global Great Depression. President Franklin D. Roosevelt launched New Deal programs,
 including unemployment relief and Social Security.[2] Following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on
 December 7, 1941, the United States entered World War II, helping defeat Nazi Germany and Fascist
 Italy in the European theater and, in the Pacific War, defeating Imperial Japan after using nuclear
 weapons on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945. The war led to the U.S. occupation of Japan and
 the Allied-occupied Germany.
 Following the end of World War II, the Cold War commenced with the United States and the Soviet
 Union emerging as superpower rivals; the two countries largely confronted each other indirectly in the
 arms race, the Space Race, propaganda campaigns, and proxy wars, which included the Korean War and
 the Vietnam War. In the 1960s, due largely to the civil rights movement, social reforms enforced African
 Americans' constitutional rights of voting and freedom of movement. In 1991, the United States led a
 coalition and invaded Iraq during the Gulf War. Later in the year, the Cold War ended with the dissolution
 of the Soviet Union, leaving the United States as the world's sole superpower.
 In the post-Cold War era, the United States has been drawn into conflicts in the Middle East, especially
 following the September 11 attacks, with the start of the War on Terror. In the 21st century, the country
 was negatively impacted by the Great Recession of 2007 to 2009 and the COVID-19 pandemic of 2020 to
 2023. Recently, the U.S. withdrew from the war in Afghanistan, intervened in the Russian invasion of
 Ukraine, and became militarily involved in the Middle Eastern crisis, which included the Red Sea crisis, a
 military conflict between the U.S., and the Houthi movement in Yemen, and the American bombing of
 Iran during the Iran–Israel war.
Indigenous inhabitants
 It is not definitively known how or when Native Americans
 first 
settled the Americas. The prevailing theory proposes that
 people from 
Eurasia followed 
game across 
Beringia, a 
bridge that connected 
Siberia to present-day 
land
 Alaska during
 the 
Ice Age, and then spread southward, perhaps as early as
 30,000 years ago.
 [3] These early inhabitants, called 
Paleo
Indians, soon diversified into hundreds of culturally distinct
 groups.
 Paleo-Indians
 By 10,000 BCE, humans had already been well-established
 throughout North America. Originally, Paleo-Indians hunted
 Ice Age 
megafauna like 
mammoths, but as they began to go
 extinct, people turned instead to 
bison as a food source, and
 later foraging for berries and seeds. Paleo-Indians in central
 Mexico were the first in the Americas to farm, around 8,000
 BCE. Eventually, the knowledge began to spread northward.
 By 3,000 BCE, corn was being grown in the valleys of
 Arizona and 
New Mexico, followed by primitive 
[4]
 [5]
 irrigation
 systems and, by 300 BCE, early villages of the
 Hohokam.
 One of the earlier cultures in the present-day United States
 was the 
Clovis culture (9,100 to 8,850 BCE), who are
 primarily identified by the use of fluted 
the 
Clovis point. The 
spear points called
 Folsom culture was similar, but is
 marked by the use of the 
Folsom point.
 A later migration around 8,000 BCE included 
Na-Dene
speaking peoples, who reached the 
Pacific Northwest by
 [6] From there, they migrated along the 
5,000 BCE.
 Coast and into the interior.
 [7] Another group, the 
Pacific
 Approximate location of the ice-free
 corridor and specific Paleoindian sites,
 according to the 
Clovis theory
 The 
cultural areas of 
pre-Columbian
 North America, according to 
Alfred
 Kroeber
 Oshara
 tradition people, who lived from 5,500 BCE to 600 CE, were part of the 
Archaic Southwest.
 Mound builders and pueblos
 The 
Adena began constructing large 
earthwork mounds around 600 BCE. They are the earliest known
 people to have been 
Mound Builders, although there are 
mounds in the United States that predate this
 culture. The Adenans were absorbed into the 
Hopewell tradition, a powerful people who traded tools and
 goods across a wide territory. They continued the Adena tradition of mound-building and pioneered a
 trading system called the Hopewell Exchange System, which at its greatest extent ran from the present
day Southeast up to the Canadian side of 
Lake Ontario.
 absorbed into the larger 
[8] By 500 CE, the Hopewellians had been
 Mississippian culture.
Monks Mound of Cahokia, a UNESCO
 World Heritage Site, in summer
 The K'alyaan Totem pole of the Tlingit
 Kiks.ádi Clan, erected at Sitka
 National Historical Park to
 commemorate the lives lost in the
 Battle of Sitka in 1804
 The Mississippians were a broad group of tribes. Their most
 important city was Cahokia, near modern-day St. Louis,
 Missouri. At its peak in the 12th century, the city had an
 estimated population of 20,000, larger than the population of
 London at the time. The entire city was centered around the
 Monks Mound that stood 100 feet (30 m) tall. Cahokia, like
 many other cities and villages of the time, depended on
 hunting, foraging, trading, and agriculture, and developed a
 class system with slaves and human sacrifice that was
 influenced by societies to the south, like the Mayans.[4]
 In the Southwest, the Anasazi began constructing stone and
 adobe pueblos around 900 BCE.[9] These apartment-like
 structures were often built into cliff faces, as seen in the Cliff Palace at Mesa Verde. Some grew to be the
 size of cities, with Pueblo Bonito along the Chaco River in New Mexico once consisting of 800 rooms.[4]
 The Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest were likely the
 most affluent Native Americans. Many distinct cultural groups
 and political entities developed there, but they all shared certain
 beliefs, traditions, and practices, such as the centrality of salmon
 as a resource and spiritual symbol. Permanent villages began to
 develop in this region as early as 1,000 BCE, and these
 communities celebrated by the gift-giving feast of the potlatch.
 In present-day upstate New York, the Iroquois formed a
 confederacy of tribal peoples in the mid-15th century, consisting
 of the Oneida, Mohawk, Onondaga, Cayuga, and
 Seneca.[10][11][12] Each tribe was represented in a group of 50
 sachem chiefs. It has been suggested that their culture
 contributed to political thinking during the development of the
 United States government. The Iroquois were powerful, waging
 war with many neighboring tribes, and later, Europeans. As their
 territory expanded, smaller tribes were forced further west,
 including the Osage, Kaw, Ponca, and Omaha peoples.[12][13]
 The exact date for the settling of Hawaii is disputed but the first
 settlement most likely took place between 940 and 1130 CE.[14]
 Around 1200 CE, Tahitian explorers found and began settling the area. This marked the rise of the
 Hawaiian civilization, which would be largely separated from the rest of the world until the arrival of the
 British 600 years later.[15][16][17] Europeans under the British explorer James Cook arrived in the
 Hawaiian Islands in 1778, and within five years of contact, European military technology would help
 Kamehameha I conquer most of the island group, and eventually unify the islands for the first time,
 establishing the Hawaiian Kingdom.[18]
 Northwest and northeast
 Native Hawaiians
Puerto Rico
 The island of Puerto Rico has been settled for at least 4,000 years. Starting with the 
Ortoiroid culture,
 successive generations of native migrations arrived replacing or absorbing local populations. By the year
 1000 
Arawak people had arrived from South America via the 
Lesser Antilles; these settlers would become
 the 
Taíno encountered by the Spanish in 1493. Upon European contact a native population between
 30,000 and 60,000 was likely, led by a single chief called a 
Cacique.
 decimation of the local inhabitants due to the harsh 
[19] Colonization resulted in the
 Encomienda system and epidemics caused by Old
 World diseases. Puerto Rico would remain a part of Spain until American annexation in 1898.
 [19]
 European colonization (1075–1754)
 Norse exploration
 The earliest recorded European mention of America is in a 
treatise by the medieval chronicler 
Bremen, circa 1075, where it is referred to as 
Adam of
 [a] It is also extensively referred to in the Norse
 Vinland sagas. The strongest archaeological evidence of the existence of 
Vinland.
 New England.
 [21]
 Norse settlements in America is
 located in Canada; there is significant scholarly debate as to whether Norse explorers also made landfall
 in 
Early settlements
 Europeans brought horses, cattle, and hogs to the Americas
 and took back maize, turkeys, tomatoes, potatoes, tobacco,
 beans, and 
squash to Europe. Many explorers and early
 settlers died after being exposed to new diseases in the
 Americas. However, the effects of new Eurasian diseases
 carried by the colonists, especially smallpox and measles,
 were much worse for the Native Americans, as they had no
 immunity to them. They 
suffered epidemics and died in very
 large numbers, usually before large-scale European settlement
 began. Their societies were disrupted by the scale of
 deaths.
 The 
Fluyts, 
Mayflower in 
Plymouth Harbor.
 caravels, and 
Europeans to the 
carracks brought
 Americas.
 [22]
 [23]
 Spanish contact
 Spanish explorers were the first Europeans, after the Norse, to reach the present-day United States, after
 the 
voyages of Christopher Columbus (beginning in 1492) established 
including the modern-day 
U.S. territories of 
possessions in the Caribbean,
 Puerto Rico, and parts of the 
U.S. Virgin Islands. 
de León landed in 
Florida in 1513.
 [24] Spanish expeditions quickly reached the 
Juan Ponce
 Appalachian Mountains,
 the 
Mississippi River, the 
Grand Canyon,
 [25] and the 
In 1539, 
Great Plains.
 [26]
 Hernando de Soto extensively explored the Southeast,
 [26] and a year later 
explored from Arizona to central Kansas in search of gold.
 Francisco Coronado
 [26] Escaped horses from Coronado's party
 spread over the Great Plains, and the Plains Indians mastered horsemanship within a few generations.
 [4]
Small Spanish settlements eventually grew to become important cities, such as 
San Antonio,
 Albuquerque, 
Tucson, Los Angeles, and San Francisco.
 [27]
 Dutch mid-Atlantic
 The 
Dutch East India Company sent explorer 
1609. 
Henry Hudson to search for a 
Northwest Passage to Asia in
 New Netherland was established in 1621 by the company to capitalize on the 
North American fur
 trade. Growth was slow at first due to mismanagement by the 
Dutch and Native American conflicts. After
 the Dutch purchased the island of 
Manhattan from the Native Americans, the land was named 
New
 Amsterdam and became the capital of New Netherland. The town rapidly expanded and in the mid-1600s
 it became an important trading center. Despite being 
Calvinists and building the 
Reformed Church in
 America, the Dutch were tolerant of other religions and cultures and traded with the 
Iroquois to the
 north.
 [28]
 The colony served as a barrier to British expansion from 
New England, and as a result a 
series of wars
 were fought. The colony was taken over by Britain as 
New York in 1664 and its capital was renamed
 New York City.
 Swedish settlement
 In the early years of the 
Swedish Empire, Swedish, Dutch,
 and German stockholders formed the 
New Sweden Company
 to trade furs and tobacco in North America. The company's
 first expedition was led by 
Peter Minuit, who had been
 governor of New Netherland from 1626 to 1631, and landed
 in 
Delaware Bay in March 1638. The settlers founded 
Fort
 Christina at the site of modern-day 
Wilmington, Delaware,
 and made treaties with Indigenous peoples for land ownership
 on both sides of the 
Delaware River.
 [29]
 [30]
 Over the following seventeen years, 12 more expeditions
 brought settlers from the Swedish Empire to New Sweden.
 The colony established 19 permanent settlements along with
 many farms, extending into modern-day 
Pennsylvania, and 
C. A. Nothnagle Log House in 
Gibbstown,
 New Jersey, the oldest wooden building
 in the United States
 Maryland,
 New Jersey. It was incorporated into New Netherland in 1655 after a Dutch invasion
 from the neighboring New Netherland colony during the 
Second Northern War.
 [29]
 [30]
 French
 Giovanni da Verrazzano landed in 
North Carolina in 1524, and was the first European to sail into 
York Harbor and 
Narragansett Bay. In the 1540s, French 
Huguenots settled at 
New
 Fort Caroline near present
day 
Jacksonville, Florida. In 1565, Spanish forces led by 
Pedro Menéndez destroyed the settlement and
 established the first Spanish settlement in what would become the United States — 
Most French lived in 
Quebec and 
St. Augustine.
 Acadia (modern Canada), but far-reaching trade relationships with
 Native Americans spread their influence. French colonists in small villages along the Mississippi and
 Illinois rivers lived in farming communities that served as a grain source for Gulf Coast settlements. The
 French established plantations in Louisiana along with settling 
New Orleans, 
Mobile, and 
Biloxi.
British colonies
 The English, drawn in by 
Francis Drake's raids on 
Spanish
 treasure ships leaving the New World, settled the strip of land
 along the east coast in the 1600s.
 [4] The early British colonies
 were established by private groups seeking profit, and were
 marked by starvation, disease, and Native American attacks.
 Many immigrants were people seeking religious freedom or
 escaping political oppression, peasants displaced by the
 Industrial Revolution, or those simply seeking adventure and
 opportunity. Between the late 1610s and the Revolution, the
 British shipped an estimated 50,000 to 120,000 convicts to
 their American colonies.
 [4]
 [31]
 The San Pablo Bastion of the 
Castillo de
 San Marcos, completed in 1683, in S
 t.
 Augustine, Florida
 In some areas, Native Americans taught colonists how to grow local crops. In others, they attacked the
 settlers. Virgin forests provided an ample supply of building material and firewood. Natural inlets and
 harbors lined the coast, providing easy ports for essential trade with Europe. Settlements remained close
 to the coast due to this as well as Native American resistance and the Appalachian Mountains in the
 interior.
 First settlement in Jamestown
 The first successful English colony, 
Jamestown, was
 established by the 
Virginia Company in 1607 on the 
River in 
James
 Virginia. The colonists were preoccupied with the
 search for gold and were ill-equipped for life in the New
 World. Captain 
John Smith held the fledgling Jamestown
 together in the first year, and the colony descended into
 anarchy and nearly failed when he returned to England two
 years later. 
John Rolfe began experimenting with tobacco
 from the West Indies in 1612, and by 1614 the first shipment
 arrived in London. It became Virginia's chief source of
 revenue within a decade.
 In 1624, after years of disease and Indian attacks, including
 the 
Powhatan attack of 1622, King 
James I revoked the
 Virginia Company's charter and made Virginia a royal colony.
 New England Colonies
 New England was initially settled primarily by 
Following the 
Indian massacre of
 Jamestown settlers in 1622, colonists in
 Virginia feared all natives as enemies.
 Puritans fleeing religious persecution. The 
Pilgrims sailed
 for Virginia on the Mayflower in 1620, but were knocked off course by a storm and landed at 
where they agreed to a social contract of rules in the 
winter.
 Plymouth,
 Mayflower Compact. About half died in the first
 [32] Like Jamestown, Plymouth suffered from disease and starvation, but local 
Wampanoag Indians
 taught the colonists how to farm maize.
Plymouth was followed by the Puritans and 
Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1630. They maintained a
 charter for self-government separate from England, and elected founder 
John Winthrop as governor.
 Roger Williams opposed Winthrop's treatment of Native Americans and religious intolerance, and
 established the colony of 
Providence Plantations, later 
Rhode Island, on the basis of freedom of religion.
 Other colonists established settlements in the 
Connecticut River Valley, and on the coasts of present-day
 New Hampshire and 
Maine. Native American attacks continued, with the most significant occurring in
 the 1637 
Pequot War and the 1675 
King Philip's War.
 New England became a center of commerce and industry due to the poor, mountainous soil making
 agriculture difficult. Rivers were harnessed to power grain mills and sawmills, and the numerous harbors
 facilitated trade. Tight-knit villages developed around these industrial centers, and 
Boston became one of
 America's most important ports.
 Middle Colonies
 In the 1660s, the 
Middle Colonies of 
and 
New York, 
New Jersey,
 Delaware were established in the former Dutch New
 Netherland, and were characterized by a large degree of
 ethnic and religious diversity. At the same time, the 
Iroquois
 of New York, strengthened by years of fur trading with
 Europeans, formed the powerful Iroquois Confederacy.
 The last colony in this region was 
Pennsylvania, established
 in 1681 by 
William Penn as a home for religious dissenters,
 including 
Quakers, 
Methodists, and the 
Amish.
 of the colony, 
[33] The capital
 Philadelphia, became a dominant commercial
 center in a few short years. While Quakers populated the city,
 German immigrants began to flood into the Pennsylvanian
 hills and forests, while the 
western frontier.
 Southern Colonies
 Scots-Irish pushed into the far
 The overwhelmingly rural 
Southern Colonies contrasted
 sharply with the New England and Middle Colonies. After
 Virginia, the second British colony south of New England
 was 
Maryland, established as a Catholic haven in 1632. The
 economy of these two colonies was built entirely on 
yeoman
 farmers and planters. The planters established themselves in
 the 
Tidewater region of Virginia, establishing massive
 plantations with slave labor.
 In 1670, the 
Province of Carolina was established, and
 Charleston became the region's great trading port. While
 Virginia's economy was also based on tobacco, Carolina was
 more diversified, exporting rice, indigo, and lumber as well.
 In 1712, it was divided in two, creating 
North and 
South
 Treaty of Penn with the Indians, a portrait
 depicting 
William Penn signing the 
of Shackamaxona with 
Treaty
 Lenape Indians in
 the 
Province of Pennsylvania in 1682 by
 Benjamin West
 The Old Plantation, a portrait depicting a
 plantation in 
South Carolina in
 approximately 1790 with 
Gullah slaves
 playing traditional 
West Africa
 instruments resisting forced assimilation
 from the planation culture.
Carolina. The 
Georgia Colony was established by 
James Oglethorpe in 1732 as a border to 
Spanish
 Florida and a reform colony for former prisoners and the poor.
 [33]
 Religion
 Religiosity expanded greatly after the 
preachers such as 
First Great Awakening, a religious revival in the 1740s led by
 Jonathan Edwards and 
George Whitefield. American 
Evangelicals affected by the
 Awakening added a new emphasis on divine outpourings of the 
Holy Spirit and conversions that
 implanted new believers with an intense love for God. Revivals encapsulated those hallmarks and carried
 the newly created evangelicalism into the early republic, setting the stage for the 
Awakening in the late 1790s.
 [34] In the early stages, evangelicals in the South, such as 
Baptists, preached for religious freedom and abolition of slavery.
 Government
 Second Great
 Methodists and
 Each of the American colonies had a slightly different governmental structure. Typically, a colony was
 ruled by a governor appointed from London who controlled the executive administration and relied upon
 a locally elected legislature to vote on taxes and make laws. By the 18th century, the American colonies
 were growing very rapidly as a result of low death rates along with ample supplies of land and food. The
 colonies were richer than most parts of Britain, and attracted a steady flow of immigrants, especially
 teenagers who arrived as indentured servants.
 [35]
 Servitude and slavery
 Over half of all European immigrants to Colonial America
 arrived as 
indentured servants.
 [36] Typically, people would
 sign a contract agreeing to a set term of labor, usually four to
 seven years, and in return would receive transport to America
 and a piece of land at the end of their servitude. In some
 cases, ships' captains received rewards for the delivery of
 poor migrants, and so extravagant promises and kidnapping
 were common.
 [4]
 The first 
African slaves arrived in 1619.
 [37] Initially regarded
 as indentured servants who could buy their freedom, the
 institution of slavery began to harden and the involuntary
 servitude became lifelong
 A map of the 
British, 
French and 
Spanish
 settlements in North America in 1750,
 before the 
French and Indian War
 [37] as the demand for labor on
 tobacco and rice plantations grew in the 1660s. Slavery became identified with brown skin color, and the
 children of slave women were born slaves, known as 
partus sequitur ventrem.
 [37] By the 1770s, African
 slaves comprised a fifth of the American population.
 The question of independence from Britain did not arise as long as the colonies needed British military
 support against the French and Spanish powers. Those threats were gone by 1765. However, London
 continued to regard the American colonies as existing for the benefit of the mother country in a policy
 known as 
mercantilism.
 [35]
Colonial America was defined by a severe labor shortage that used forms of 
slavery
 and indentured servitude. The British colonies were also marked by a policy of avoiding strict
 enforcement of parliamentary laws, known as 
unfree labor, such as 
salutary neglect. This permitted the development of an
 American spirit distinct from that of its European founders.
 [38]
 Revolutionary period (1754–1793)
 Lead-up to the Revolution
 The 
French and Indian War (1754–1763), part of the larger
 Seven Years' War, was a watershed event in the political
 development of the colonies. The influence of the French and
 Native Americans, the main rivals of the 
British Crown in the
 colonies and Canada, was significantly reduced and the
 territory of the 
Thirteen Colonies expanded into 
in Canada and 
New France
 Louisiana. The war effort also resulted in
 greater political integration of the colonies, as reflected in the
 Albany Congress and symbolized by 
Benjamin Franklin's call
 for the colonies to "
 Join, or Die."
 [39]
 King George III issued the 
Royal Proclamation of 1763, to
 organize the new North American empire and protect the
 Native Americans from colonial expansion west of the
 Appalachian Mountains. Strains developed in the relations
 between the colonists and the Crown. The 
passed the 
British Parliament
 A portrait depicting the 
Boston Tea Party
 on December 16, 1773, a prominent act
 of rebellion that served to dramatically
 escalate the 
American Revolution,
 leading ultimately to the commencement
 of the 
American Revolutionary War at the
 Battles of Lexington and Concord on April
 19, 1775
 Stamp Act of 1765, imposing a tax on the colonies
 without going through the colonial legislatures. Crying "
 colonists refused to pay.
 No taxation without representation", the
 [40]. On March 5, 1770, in an event that would fuel anti-British sentiment in
 Boston, British troops opened fire on protesters in 
Boston, killing five people in the 
Boston Massacre.
 On December 16, 1773, the 
Boston Tea Party was a direct action to protest the new tax on tea. Parliament
 responded the next year with the 
Intolerable Acts, stripping Massachusetts of its historic right of self
government and putting it under military rule, which sparked outrage and resistance in all thirteen
 colonies. 
Patriot leaders from every colony convened the 
First Continental Congress to coordinate their
 resistance. The Congress called for a 
boycott of British trade, published a 
and 
petitioned the king to rectify those grievances.
 list of rights and grievances,
 [41] This appeal had no effect.
 American Revolution
 The 
Second Continental Congress voted to declare independence on July 2, 1776. The 
Declaration of
 Independence presented arguments in favor of the rights of citizens, stating that 
supporting the rights of 
all men are created equal,
 Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness, and demanding the 
consent of the
 governed.
 [42] The 
Founding Fathers were guided by the ideology of 
republicanism, rejecting the
 monarchism of Great Britain.
 [43] The Declaration of Independence was 
Congress on July 4.
 [42] This date has since been 
signed by members of the
 commemorated as 
Independence Day.
 [44]
Thomas Jefferson, the principal author of
 the Declaration of Independence and a
 principle intellectual force behind the
 American Revolution, wrote the first draft
 of the Declaration in isolation over a
 period of two weeks between June 11,
 1776, and June 28, 1776, from the
 second floor of a three-story home he
 was renting at 700 Market Street in
 Philadelphia. The Declaration was
 unanimously adopted by the Second
 Continental Congress a week later, on
 July 4, 1776, at present-day
 Independence Hall
 Washington's covert crossing of the
 Delaware River over the night of
 December 25–26, 1776, represented a
 major comeback for the cause of
 American independence following the
 loss of New York City, allowing
 Washington and the Continental Army to
 launch surprise attacks on the British
 Army in Trenton and Princeton and
 recapture New Jersey.
 The American Revolutionary War began with the Battles of
 Lexington and Concord on April 19, 1775.[45] George
 Washington was appointed general of the Continental
 Army.[46] Washington's crossing of the Delaware River began
 a series of victories that expelled British forces from New
 Jersey.[47] The British began the Saratoga campaign in 1777
 to capture Albany, New York, as a choke point.[48] After
 American victory at Saratoga, France, the Netherlands, and
 Spain began providing support to the Continental Army.[49]
 Britain responded to defeat in the northern theater by
 advancing in the southern theater, beginning with the Capture
 of Savannah in 1778.[50] American forces reclaimed the south
 in 1781, and the British Army was defeated in the Siege of
 Yorktown on October 19, 1781.[51]
 King George III formally ordered the end of hostilities on
 December 5, 1782, recognizing American independence.[52]
 The Treaty of Paris was signed on September 3, 1783,[53] and
 was ratified by the Congress of the Confederation on January
 14, 1784.[54]
 The Articles of Confederation were ratified as the governing
 law of the United States, written to limit the powers of the
 central government in favor of states. This caused economic
 decline, as the government was unable to pass economic
 legislation, levy taxes, and pay its debts.[55] Nationalists
 worried that the confederate nature of the union was too
 fragile to withstand an armed conflict with any adversarial
 states, or even internal revolts such as Shays' Rebellion of
 1786 in Massachusetts.[56]
 In the 1780s the western regions were ceded by the states to
 Congress and became territories. With the migration of
 settlers to the Northwest, soon they became states.[56] The
 American Indian Wars continued in the 1780s as settlers
 moved west.[57] The Northwestern Confederacy and
 American settlers began fighting the Northwest Indian War in
 the late 1780s; the Northwestern Confederacy received
 British support, but the settlers received little assistance from
 the American government.[58][59]
 Nationalists – most of them war veterans – organized in every
 state and convinced Congress to call the Philadelphia
 Convention in 1787. The delegates from every state wrote a
 new Constitution that created a federal government with a
 Confederation period
strong president and powers of taxation. The new government reflected the prevailing republican ideals
 of guarantees of 
individual liberty and of constraining the power of government through 
separation of
 powers.
 [60]
 [56] The constitution was ratified by a sufficient number of states in 1788 to begin forming a
 federal government.
 Early republic (1793–1830)
 United States Electoral College chose George Washington as the first 
The 
national capital moved from New York to Philadelphia in 1790 and finally, in 1800, to Washington, D.C.
 The major accomplishment of the 
President in 1789.
 [61] The
 Washington Administration was the creation of a strong national
 government that was recognized by all Americans.
 [62] Washington's government, following the vigorous
 leadership of Treasury Secretary 
Alexander Hamilton, assumed the debts of the states, created the 
Bank
 of the United States, and set up a uniform system of 
tariffs and other taxes to pay off the debt and provide
 a financial infrastructure. Hamilton created the 
Federalist Party to support his programs. In 1791, to
 assuage the 
Anti-Federalists who feared a too-powerful central government, the Congress adopted the
 United States Bill of Rights by amending it to the U.S. Constitution, to guarantee individual liberties such
 as freedom of speech and religious practice.
 [63]
 Thomas Jefferson and 
James Madison formed an opposition Republican Party (usually called the
 Democratic-Republican Party). In 1794, Hamilton and Washington presented the country with the 
Jay
 Treaty which re-established good relations with Britain. The Jeffersonians vehemently protested, and the
 voters aligned behind one party or the other, thus setting up the 
passed, politics became intensely heated.
 the 
First Party System.
 [65] Serious challenges to the new federal government included
 Northwest Indian War, the ongoing 
[64] Although the treaty
 Cherokee–American wars, and the 1794 
Whiskey Rebellion, in
 which western settlers protested against a federal tax on liquor.
 [66]
 Washington refused to serve more than two terms, setting a precedent for future administrations.
 Adams of the Federalist Party defeated Jefferson in the 
[67] 
John
 1796 election. War was looming with France, and
 the Federalists used the opportunity to try silencing the Republicans with the 
Alien and Sedition Acts;
 they also built up a large army with Hamilton at the head, in preparation for a French invasion. However,
 the Federalists became divided after Adams sent a successful peace mission to France that ended the
 Quasi-War of 1798.
 [64]
 [68]
 Increasing demand for slave labor
 During the first two decades after the Revolutionary War, there were dramatic changes in the status of
 slavery among the states and an increase in the number of 
free blacks. Inspired by revolutionary ideals of
 equality, and influenced by their reduced economic reliance on the use of slaves, the 
abolished slavery.
 States of the 
Upper South made 
Northern states
 manumission easier, resulting in an increase in the proportion of free
 blacks in the Upper South (as a percentage of the total non-white population) from less than one percent
 in 1792 to more than ten percent by 1810. By that date, a total of 13.5 percent of all blacks in the United
 States were free.
 [69] In 1807, with four million slaves already in the United States, Congress severed U.S.
 involvement with the 
Atlantic slave trade.
 [70]
Second Great Awakening
 The Second Great Awakening was a Protestant revival
 movement that affected virtually all of society during the
 early 19th century and led to rapid church growth. It began
 around 1790 and was gaining momentum by 1800; its
 membership rose rapidly after 1820 among 
Baptist and
 Methodist congregations, whose preachers led the movement.
 It was past its peak by the 1840s.
 [71]
 The movement enrolled millions of new members in existing
 evangelical denominations and led to the formation of new
 denominations. The Second Great Awakening stimulated the
 establishment of many reform movements, including
 abolitionism and 
temperance.
 [72]
 Louisiana and Jeffersonian republicanism
 Thomas Jefferson heavily defeated John Adams in the 
1800
 presidential election. Jefferson's major achievement as
 president was the 
Louisiana Purchase in 1803, which
 provided U.S. settlers with vast potential for expansion west
 of the Mississippi River.
 [73] He supported expeditions to
 explore and map the new domain, most notably the 
Clark Expedition.
 [74]
 Jefferson believed deeply in 
Lewis and
 republicanism and advocated that
 it should be based on the independent 
yeoman farmer and
 planter; he distrusted cities, factories and banks. He also
 distrusted the federal government and judges, and he tried to
 weaken the judiciary. Although the Constitution specified a
 Supreme Court, its functions were vague until 
John Marshall,
 the 
Chief Justice of the United States (1801 – 1835), defined
 them – especially the power to overturn acts of Congress or
 states that violated the Constitution, first enunciated in 1803
 in the 
Marbury v. Madison case.
 [75]
 War of 1812
 Slaves Waiting for Sale: Richmond,
 Virginia, an 1861 portrait by British
 painter 
Eyre Crowe
 A drawing of a 
c. 1829
 Protestant camp meeting,
 Land acquired in the 
Louisiana Purchase
 in 1803, highlighted in white
 Americans were increasingly angered by the British violation of American ships' neutral rights to harm
 France, the 
coercion of 10,000 American sailors needed by the 
Royal Navy to fight Napoleon, and British
 support for hostile Indians attacking American settlers in the 
American Midwest – with the goal of
 creating a pro-British 
Indian barrier state to block American expansion westward. Britain may also have
 wished to annex all or part of 
British North America, although this is still heavily
 debated.
 [76]
 [77]
 [78]
 [79]
 [80] Despite strong opposition from the 
Northeast, especially from Federalists who
 did not want to disrupt trade with Britain, Congress 
[81]
 declared war on the United Kingdom on June 18,
 1812.
Both sides tried to invade the other and were repelled. The
 American militia proved ineffective because the soldiers were
 reluctant to leave home, and efforts to invade Canada failed
 repeatedly. The British blockade ruined American commerce,
 bankrupted the Treasury, and further angered New Englanders
 who began smuggling supplies to Britain. Under General
 William Henry Harrison, the Americans eventually 
gained
 naval control of Lake Erie and defeated the Indians under
 Tecumseh in Canada,
 [83] while 
Andrew Jackson ended the
 Indian threat in the Southeast. The Indian threat to expansion
 into the Midwest was permanently ended. The British invaded
 and occupied much of Maine.
 In 1814, the British 
raided and burned Washington but were
 pushed back at Baltimore, where "
 Battle of Lake Erie, 
After the 
Hazard Perry's message to 
Oliver
 William
 Henry Harrison began with: "We have
 met the enemy and they are ours",
 depicted in a 1865 painting by 
Powell.
 [82]
 William H.
 The Star-Spangled Banner"
 was written to celebrate the American success. In upstate New York, a major British invasion of New
 York State was repelled at the 
Battle of Plattsburgh, and Andrew Jackson decisively defeated a major
 British invasion at the 
Battle of New Orleans in early 1815.
 [84] The Americans claimed victory on
 February 18, as the news broke of Jackson's victory of New Orleans and the 
peace treaty that left the pre
war boundaries in place. This "second war of independence" contributed to an emerging American
 identity that cemented 
national pride over state pride.
 negative perception of a 
[85] The War of 1812 also dispelled America's
 standing army as opposed to ill-equipped and poorly trained militias.
 [86]
 Era of Good Feelings
 National euphoria after the victory at 
New Orleans ruined the
 prestige of the Federalists, and they no longer played a
 significant role as a political party.
 [87] President Madison and
 most of the Republicans realized they had been foolish to
 allow the 
First Bank of the United States to close down, for
 its absence had greatly hindered the financing of the war.
 With the assistance of foreign bankers, they chartered the
 Second Bank of the United States in 1816.
 [88]
 [89]
 The Republicans also imposed tariffs designed to protect the
 infant industries that had been created when Britain was
 blockading the U.S. With the collapse of the Federalists as a
 party, the adoption of many Federalist principles by the
 Republicans, and the systematic policy of President 
Depiction of election-day activities in
 Philadelphia by 
John Lewis Krimmel in
 1815
 James Monroe in his two terms (1817 – 1825) to
 downplay partisanship, society entered an 
Era of Good Feelings and closed out the First Party
 System.
 [88]
 [89]
 Expressed in 1823, the 
[90]
 Monroe Doctrine proclaimed the idealistic standpoint of the United States that
 European powers should no longer colonize or interfere in the Americas. This was a defining moment in
 U.S. foreign policy.
In 1832, President Andrew Jackson ran for a second term under the slogan "Jackson and no bank" and did
 not renew the Second Bank's charter, dissolving the bank in 1836.
 [91] He was convinced that central
 banking was used by the elite to take advantage of the average American, and he opted instead to
 implement publicly owned banks in various U.S. states, popularly known as "pet banks".
 [91]
 Expansion and reform (1830–1848)
 Second Party System
 The former Jeffersonian (Democratic-Republican) party split into factions over the choice of a successor
 to President 
James Monroe, and the party faction that supported many of the old Jeffersonian principles,
 led by 
Andrew Jackson and 
Martin Van Buren, became the Democratic Party. As Norton explains the
 transformation in 1828:
 Jacksonians believed the people's will had finally prevailed. Through a lavishly financed
 coalition of state parties, political leaders, and newspaper editors, a popular movement had
 elected the president. The Democrats became the nation's first well-organized national party,
 and tight party organization became the hallmark of nineteenth-century American politics.
 Opposing factions led by 
Henry Clay helped form the 
[92]
 Whig Party. The Democratic Party had a small but
 decisive advantage over the 
Whigs until the 1850s, when the Whigs fell apart over the issue of slavery.
 Westward expansion and manifest destiny
 The country grew rapidly in population and area, as pioneers
 pushed the frontier of settlement west.
 [93]
 [94] Native
 American tribes in some places resisted militarily, but they
 were overwhelmed by settlers and the army, and after 1830,
 were relocated to reservations in the west.
 [95] That year,
 Congress passed the 
Indian Removal Act, which authorized
 the president to negotiate treaties that exchanged Native
 American tribal lands in the eastern states for lands west of
 the Mississippi River.
 [96] Its goal was primarily to remove
 Native Americans, including the 
Five Civilized Tribes, from
 desirable lands in what's now 
Oklahoma.
 [97] Thousands of
 deaths resulted from the relocations, as seen in the Cherokee
 Trail of Tears,
 [97] most infamously of which resulted in
 approximately 4,000 of the 16,000 relocated 
Cherokee dying
 along the way in 1838.
 [98]
 [99] Many of the 
The Indian Removal Act resulted in the
 transplantation of several 
Native
 American tribes and the 
Trail of Tears
 Seminole Indians in Florida refused to move west, and fought
 the Army for years in the 
Seminole Wars.
 Manifest destiny was the belief that American settlers were destined to expand across the continent.
 Manifest destiny was rejected by modernizers, especially the Whigs like 
[100]
 Henry Clay and 
Abraham
 Lincoln who wanted to build cities and factories – not more farms.
 [b] 
Democrats strongly favored
expansion, and won the key 
election of 1844. After a bitter
 debate in Congress, the 
Republic of Texas was annexed in
 1845, leading to the 
[102] The U.S.
 Army invaded Mexico at several points, 
Mexican–American War.
 captured Mexico
 City, and won the war decisively.
 [101]
 The 
Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo ended the war in 1848. In
 the treaty, the U.S. acquired much of the 
Southwest, including 
American
 California and 
New Mexico, with
 Mexico being paid $15 million in compensation. Many
 Democrats wanted to annex all of Mexico, but that idea was
 rejected by 
White Southerners, who argued that incorporating
 millions of 
Mexican people, mainly of mixed race, would
 undermine the U.S. as an exclusively white republic.
 Instead, the 
[101]
 During the 
California Gold Rush, some
 300,000 people relocated to 
California
 from the rest of the United States and
 abroad following the discovery of gold in
 the state.
 U.S. took Texas and the lightly settled northern
 parts (California and New Mexico). Simultaneously, gold was
 discovered in California in 1848, and led to over 100,000 white settlers flocking to California in 1849, the
 California Gold Rush miners, known as '49ers. 
California grew rapidly, and by 1850,the non-native
 population went from 1,000 to over 125,000 people by 1850. However, many Indians were devastated by
 the rapid influx of the rush of white settlers in the 1850s, and to clear the state for white settlement, the
 U.S. government began a 
policy of forcibly removing and exterminating the natives.
 [103]. The early 1830s
 to 1869, the 
Oregon Trail and its offshoots were used by over 300,000 settlers headed to California,
 Oregon, and other points in the far west. 
Wagon trains took five or six months on foot.
 A peaceful compromise with Britain gave the U.S. ownership of the 
[104]
 Oregon Country, which was renamed
 the 
Oregon Territory.
 [102] The demand for 
the 
[105]
 guano, prized as an agricultural 
fertilizer, led the U.S. to pass
 Guano Islands Act in 1856, which enabled U.S. citizens to take possession, in the name of the
 country, of unclaimed islands containing guano deposits. Under the act, the U.S. annexed nearly 100
 islands in the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea. By 1903, 66 of these islands were recognized as U.S.
 territories.
 The 
women's suffrage movement began with the 
Seneca Falls Convention in 1848. It was organized by
 women's rights advocates and abolitionists, 
Elizabeth Cady Stanton and 
Lucretia Mott. The convention
 began on July 19, 1848 in the town of 
Seneca Falls, New York, with 300 people in attendance, and
 concluded the next day with signing the 
including the right to vote.
 Declaration of Sentiments demanding equal rights for women,
 [c] The women's rights campaign during 
first-wave feminism was led by
 Elizabeth Cady Stanton, 
Lucy Stone and 
Susan B. Anthony, among others. Stone and 
Davis organized the prominent and influential 
Paulina Wright
 National Women's Rights Convention in 1850.
 [107]
 Civil War and Reconstruction (1848–1877)
 Divisions between North and South
 The central issue after 1848 was the expansion of slavery, with the anti-slavery elements in the North
 pitted against the pro-slavery elements in the South.
 [108] By 1860, there were four million slaves in the
 South. A small number of Northerners called abolitionists 
sought the immediate abolition of slavery,
while much larger numbers in the North were opposed
 to the expansion of slavery and sought to put it on the
 path to extinction.
 [108]
 There was resistance to slavery by both peaceful and
 violent means. 
Slave rebellions by 
Gabriel Prosser
 (1800), 
Denmark Vesey (1822) and 
Nat Turner (1831),
 caused fear in the white South, where stricter oversight
 of slaves was imposed, and the rights of free Black
 people were reduced. 
Southern white Democrats
 insisted that slavery was of economic, social, and
 cultural benefit, even to the slaves themselves.
 [108]
 Supporters of slavery argued that a sudden end to the
 slave economy would have a fatal economic impact in
 the South, causing widespread unemployment and
 chaos; slave labor was the foundation of their
 economy.
 [109]
 The 
An 1863 map of the United States during the
 American Civil War, showing the affiliation of
 states and territories
 Union states
 Union territories not permitting slavery
 Border Union states, permitting slavery
 Confederate states
 Union territories permitting slavery (claimed
 by Confederacy)
 plantations were highly profitable because of the
 heavy European demand for raw cotton. Northern cities
 and regional industries were tied economically to slavery through banking, shipping, and manufacturing,
 including their 
textile mills. In addition, Southern states benefited from slavery by having an increased
 apportionment in Congress due to the partial counting of slaves in their populations.
 The issue of slavery in the new territories was seemingly
 settled by the 
Compromise of 1850, which included the
 admission of California as a 
free state in exchange for no
 federal restrictions on slavery placed on Utah or New
 Mexico.
 [110] A point of contention was the 
Fugitive Slave
 Act, requiring free states to cooperate with slave owners
 when attempting to capture escaped slaves who defected via
 the 
Underground Railroad, while punishing those who aided
 runaway slaves. The act garnered outrage in the North, as
 they 
were 
slavery.
 [111]
 forced 
[112]
 [113]
 to 
play 
a 
role 
in 
Southern
 The Missouri Compromise was repealed in 1854 with the
 Kansas–Nebraska Act; promoted by Stephen Douglas in the
 name of "
 popular sovereignty" and democracy, this act of
 Congress permitted voters to decide on the legality of slavery
 in each territory, and repealed the 
Missouri Compromise of
 1820, which explicitly banned slavery in this territory. Anti
slavery forces rose in anger and alarm, forming the new
 Republican Party to oppose the expansion of slavery out west.
 Pro- and anti- slavery settlers rushed to Kansas to vote for or
 Remember Your Weekly Pledge, a
 collection box for the 
Massachusetts Anti
Slavery Society in 1850
against slavery, resulting in years of bloodshed and violence called 
Bleeding Kansas. By the late 1850s,
 the young Republican Party dominated nearly all Northern states, and hence the electoral colleges. The
 party insisted that slavery would never be allowed to expand and would therefore slowly die out.
 The Supreme Court's 1857 decision in 
[114]
 Dred Scott v. Sandford ruled that the Compromise was
 unconstitutional, and that free Black people were not U.S. citizens, and therefore unable to sue for their
 freedom. The decision enraged Northerners, and the Republicans worried that the decision could be used
 to expand slavery. The decision exacerbated tensions over slavery.
 [111]
 [112]
 [113]
 Civil War
 After Republican 
Abraham Lincoln won the 
1860 election, seven Southern states 
and formed the 
[115] The 
seceded from the Union
 Confederate States of America (Confederacy) on February 8, 1861 in order to persevere
 the instituton of slavery.
 Civil War began on April 12, 1861, when 
Confederate forces attacked a
 U.S. military installation at Fort Sumter in South Carolina. In response, Lincoln 
called on the states to
 send militiamen to recapture forts, protect Washington D.C., and "preserve the Union".
 [116] Lincoln's call
 led to four more states seceding and joining the Confederacy. A few of the (northernmost) slave states did
 not secede and became known as the 
border states; these were Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, and
 Missouri. During the war, the northwestern portion of Virginia seceded from the Confederacy, becoming
 the new Union state of 
West Virginia.
 [117]
 The two armies' first major battle was the 
First Battle of Bull Run, which the Confederate victory proved
 to both sides that the war would be much longer than anticipated.
 [116] In the 
Army was relatively successful, with major battles such as 
western theater, the 
Union
 Perryville and 
Shiloh, along with 
Union Navy
 gunboat dominance of navigable rivers producing strategic Union victories and destroying major
 Confederate operations.
 [118] Warfare in the 
eastern theater began poorly for the Union. U.S. General
 George B. McClellan failed to capture the Confederate capital of 
Richmond, Virginia, in his 
campaign and 
retreated after attacks from Confederate General 
Robert E. Lee.
 [119]
 Peninsula
 Meanwhile, in 1861 and 1862, both sides concentrated on raising and training new armies. The Union
 successfully gained control of the border states, driving the Confederates out.
 [120] Lee's 
Army of
 Northern Virginia won battles in late 1862 and spring 1863, but he pushed too hard and ignored the Union
 threat in the west. He 
invaded Pennsylvania in search of supplies and to cause 
war-weariness in the
 North. In September 17, 1862, the 
Battle of Antietam was fought in 
Maryland, which would result in over
 23,000 casualties in bloodiest day of the Civil War.
 [121]
 The 
Emancipation Proclamation, issued by Lincoln on January 1, 1863, freed three million slaves in
 designated areas of the Confederacy in order to weaken the Confederate's troops and supplies.
 perhaps the 
turning point of the war, Lee's army was badly beaten by the 
[122] In
 Army of the Potomac, and in
 July 1863, the 
Union's victory at the 
Battle of Gettysburg in 
deadliest battle in
 American military history with over 50,000 causualties, proved a 
Pennsylvania, the 
turning point in the war.
 of the battle were immediately redeployed to suppress the 
protesting 
[120] Survivors
 New York City draft riots by Irish Americans
 Civil War conscription and the city's free Black population.
 [121]
 In July 1863, Union forces under General 
Ulysses S. Grant gained control of the Mississippi River at the
 Battle of Vicksburg, splitting the Confederacy. In 1864, Union General 
William Tecumseh Sherman
 marched south from 
Chattanooga to capture 
Atlanta, a decisive victory that ended war jitters among
 Republicans in the North and helped Lincoln 
win re-election. 
Sherman's march to the sea was almost
unopposed. Much of the South was destroyed, and could no
 longer provide desperately needed supplies to its armies. In
 spring 1864, Grant launched a 
war of attrition and pursued
 Lee to the final 
Appomattox campaign, which resulted in Lee
 surrendering in April 1865, ending the war after four years.
 By May 1865, the Union Army controlled all of the
 Confederacy and liberated all of the designated slaves.
 [122]
 The Civil War was the world's earliest 
industrial war.
 Railroads, the 
telegraph, steamships, and mass-produced
 weapons were employed extensively. Civilian factories,
 mines, shipyards, and were mobilized.
 A portrait of 
Robert E. Lee and the
 Confederate States Army surrendering to
 the 
Union Army following the 
[123] Foreign trade
 increased, with the U.S. providing both food and cotton to
 Britain, and Britain sending in manufactured products and
 thousands of volunteers for the Union Army, and a few to the 
Appomattox Court House in 
Battle of
 Appomattox
 County, Virginia, on April 9, 1865
 Confederate army. The Union blockade shut
 down Confederate ports. It remains the deadliest war in American history, resulting in the deaths of about
 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of 
civilian casualties.
 [d] About ten percent of all Northern
 males 20–45 years old, and thirty percent of all Southern white males aged 18–40 died.
 [123] Many Black
 people died after being dislocated during the war and Reconstruction.
 [126]
 Reconstruction
 Reconstruction followed after the end of the war.
 [116]
 [127]
 [128] Days after the American Civil War ended
 with the Union victory and the surrender of the 
Appatomox Court House.
 Ford's Theater in 
Washington D.C. in April 1865 by 
[129] Lincoln was 
assassinated at
 John Wilkes Booth, and was succeeded by 
Andrew
 Johnson.
 [130]
 After the war, the far west was developed and settled, first by
 wagon trains and riverboats, and then by the 
first
 transcontinental railroad in 1869. Many Northern European
 immigrants took up low-cost or free farms in the Prairie
 States. 
[131]
 Mining for silver and copper encouraged
 development.
 The severe threats of starvation and displacement of the
 unemployed 
Freedmen were met by the first major federal
 relief agency, the 
Freedmen's Bureau, operated by the
 [132] The bureau also took in freed slaves. Three
 "Reconstruction 
Army.
 Amendments" expanded civil rights for black
 Americans: the 1865 
Thirteenth Amendment outlawed
 slavery;
 [133] the 1868 
Fourteenth Amendment guaranteed
 equal rights and citizenship for Black people;
 being used to disenfranchise men.
 [135]
 A May 10, 1869 picture of the completion
 of the 
first transcontinental railroad in
 Promontory, Utah
 [134] the 1870 
Fifteenth Amendment prevented race from
 Ex-Confederates remained in control of most Southern states for over two years, until the 
Republicans gained control of Congress in the 
Radical
 1866 elections. Johnson, who sought good treatment for
 ex-Confederates, was virtually powerless in the face of Congress and vetoed many civil rights laws; 
he
was impeached in 1868, but the Senate's 
attempt to remove
 him from office failed by one vote. Congress enfranchised
 black men and temporarily banned many ex-Confederate
 leaders from holding office. New Republican governments
 came to power based on a coalition of Freedmen made up of
 Carpetbaggers (new arrivals from the North), and 
Scalawags
 (native white Southerners), backed by the Army. Opponents
 said they were corrupt and violated the rights of whites.
 [136]
 During Reconstruction, for a brief period, many freed blacks
 could vote, and even hold public office as the Republicans
 occupied the South. In response to Radical Reconstruction,
 the 
An illustration of African-American
 Freedmen voting in 
New Orleans in 1867
 Ku Klux Klan Act of 1871 shut them down.
 White League and 
[136]
 Ku Klux Klan (KKK) emerged in 1865 as a white
supremacist terrorist organization opposed to black civil rights and Republican rule. President Ulysses
 Grant's enforcement of the 
the 
voting.
 [136] Paramilitary groups, such as
 Red Shirts emerging around 1874, openly intimidated and attacked Black people
 Reconstruction ended after the disputed 
1876 election. The
 Compromise of 1877 gave Republican 
Rutherford B. Hayes
 the presidency in exchange for removing all remaining
 federal troops in the South, as the Democrats regained control
 of the Congress, and Reconstruction came to an end in 1877.
 As a result, the southern states passes harsh laws on African
Americans known as 
Jim Crow laws, that effectively
 disenfranchised Black and poor white voters by making voter
 registration more difficult through 
poll taxes and 
literacy
 tests. Black people were segregated from whites in the
 violently enforced Jim Crow system, and lynchings and
 threats 
of 
violence 
[137]
 [138]
 against 
blacks 
were
 [139] In 1882, the United States passed
 the 
commonplace.
 Chinese Exclusion Act (which barred all Chinese
 immigrants except for students and businessmen),
 [140] and the
 Immigration Act of 1882 (which barred all immigrants with
 mental health issues).
 [141]
 A September 1, 1868 cartoon from
 Tuscaloosa's Independent Monitor,
 threatening that the 
scalawags (left) and 
the day 
President 
office in 1869
 Gilded Age and the Progressive Era (1877–1914)
 KKK will 
lynch
 carpetbaggers (right)
 Ulysses S. Grant takes
 After Reconstruction
 The "
 Gilded Age" was a term that 
Mark Twain used to describe the period of the late 19th century with a
 dramatic expansion of American wealth and prosperity, underscored by mass corruption in
 government.
 [142] Some historians have argued that the United States was effectively 
plutocratic for at
[143]
 [145] As financiers and industrialists such as 
J.P. Morgan and 
least part of the era.
 [144]
 John D.
 Rockefeller began to amass vast fortunes, many observers were concerned that the nation was losing its
 pioneering egalitarian spirit.
 [146]
 An unprecedented wave of 
immigration from Europe served to both provide the labor for American
 industry and create diverse communities in previously undeveloped areas. From 1880 to 1914, peak years
 of immigration, more than 22 million people migrated to the country.
 [147] Most were unskilled workers
 who quickly found jobs in mines, mills, and factories. Many immigrants were craftsmen and farmers who
 purchased inexpensive land on the prairies. Poverty, growing inequality and dangerous working
 conditions, along with 
socialist and 
anarchist ideas diffusing from European immigrants, led to the rise of
 the 
labor movement.
 [148]
 [149]
 [150]
 Dissatisfaction on the part of the growing middle class with the corruption and inefficiency of politics,
 and the failure to deal with increasingly important urban and industrial problems, led to the dynamic
 progressive movement starting in the 1890s. Progressives called for the modernization and reform of
 decrepit institutions in the fields of politics, education, medicine, and industry.
 [151] 
"Muckraking"
 journalists exposed corruption in business and government, and highlighted rampant inner-city poverty.
 Progressives implemented antitrust laws and regulated such industries of meatpacking, drugs, and
 railroads. Four new constitutional amendments – the 
progressive activism, bringing the 
Sixteenth through 
Nineteenth – resulted from
 federal income tax, direct election of Senators, prohibition, and female
 suffrage.
 [151]
 In 1881, President 
James A. Garfield was assassinated by 
Charles Guiteau.
 [152]
 Unions and strikes
 Skilled workers banded together to control their crafts and
 raise wages by forming labor unions in industrial areas of the
 Northeast. 
Samuel Gompers led the 
American Federation of
 Labor (1886–1924), coordinating multiple unions. In
 response to heavy debts and decreasing farm prices, wheat
 and cotton farmers joined the 
Populist Party.
 Panic 
The 
of 
[153]
 1893 created a severe nationwide
 [154] Many railroads went bankrupt. Labor unrest
 involved numerous strikes, most notably the violent 
depression.
 Pullman
 Strike of 1894, which was forcibly shut down by federal
 troops. One of the disillusioned leaders of the Pullman strike,
 Eugene V. Debs, went on to become the leader of the 
Socialist
 A 
Harpers Weekly illustration by 
Frederic
 Remington depicting hundreds of boxcars
 and coal cars looted and burned and
 state and federal troops violently attacked
 striking workers on July 7, 1894
 Party of America.
 [155]
 Economic growth
 Important legislation of the era included the 1883 
Civil Service Act, which mandated a competitive
 examination for applicants for government jobs, the 1887 
Interstate Commerce Act, which ended
 railroads' discrimination against small shippers, and the 1890 
[142]
 Sherman Antitrust Act, which outlawed
 monopolies in business.
After 1893, the Populist Party gained strength among farmers and coal miners, but was overtaken by the
 even more popular 
Free silver movement, which demanded using silver to enlarge the money supply and
 end the depression.
 [156] Financial and railroad communities fought back hard, arguing that only the 
standard would save the economy. In the 
gold
 1896 presidential election, conservative Republican 
William
 McKinley defeated silverite 
William Jennings Bryan.
 [157]
 Prosperity returned under McKinley. The gold standard was
 enacted, and the tariff was raised. By 1900, the U.S. had the
 strongest economy in the world.
 [158] McKinley was
 assassinated by 
Leon Czolgosz in 1901, and was succeeded
 by 
Theodore Roosevelt.
 [159]
 The period also saw a major transformation of the banking
 system, with the arrival of the first 
credit union in 1908 and
 the creation of the 
Federal Reserve System in 1913.
 Apart from two short recessions in 
[160]
 [161]
 1920, the
 economy remained prosperous and growing until 1929.
 1907 and 
[158]
 Imperialism
 The 
assassination of 
William McKinley in
 Buffalo, New York on September 6, 1901,
 depicted in a portrait by 
Leon Czolgosz
 The 
United States Army continued to fight 
wars with Native
 Americans as settlers encroached on their traditional lands.
 Gradually the U.S. purchased tribal lands and extinguished
 their claims, forcing most tribes onto subsidized 
reservations.
 A cartoon reflecting 
Judge magazine view
 that the U.S. maintained imperial
 ambitions following its quick victory in the
 Spanish–American War in 1898
 [162]
 Cuba.
 According to the 
U.S. Census Bureau in 1894, from 1789 to
 1894, the Indian Wars killed 19,000 white people and more
 than 30,000 Indians.
 [163]
 The 
Spanish–American War began when Spain refused
 American demands to reform its oppressive policies in
 [164] The war was a series of quick American victories on land and at sea. At the 
Philippines, 
peace conference the United States acquired the 
an independent country, under close American tutelage. 
Puerto Rico, and 
Treaty of Paris
 Guam.
 [165] Cuba became
 William Jennings Bryan led his Democratic Party
 in opposition to control of the Philippines, which he denounced as 
imperialism.
 [165] After defeating an
 insurrection by Filipino nationalists, the United States achieved little in the Philippines except in
 education. Infrastructural development lost much of its early vigor with the failure of the railroads.
 [166]
 By 1908, however, Americans lost interest in an empire and turned their international attention to the
 Caribbean, especially the building of the 
Panama Canal. The canal opened in 1914 and increased trade
 with Japan and the rest of the Far East. A key innovation was the 
[167]
 Open Door Policy, whereby the imperial
 powers were given equal access to Chinese business, with none of them allowed to take control of
 China.
Women's suffrage
 The women's suffrage movement reorganized after the Civil
 War. By the end of the 19th century, a few Western states had
 granted women full voting rights,
 [107] and women gained
 rights in areas such as property and child custody law.
 [169]
 Around 1912, the 
feminist movement reawakened, putting an
 emphasis on its demands for equality and arguing that the
 corruption of American politics demanded purification by
 women.
 [170] 
Alice Paul split from the large, moderate
 National American Woman Suffrage Association (NAWSA),
 led by 
Carrie Chapman Catt, and formed the more militant
 National Woman's Party. Suffragists were arrested during
 their "
 Silent Sentinels" pickets at the White House and taken
 as 
political prisoners.
 [171]
 A 
Women's suffragists parade in 
New
 York City in October 1917, featuring
 placards with the signatures of more than
 a million women
 [168]
 The anti-suffragist argument that only men could fight in a war, therefore only men deserved the right to
 vote, was refuted by the participation of American women on the 
home front in World War I. The success
 of women's suffrage was demonstrated by the politics of some U.S. states that were already allowing
 women to vote, including Montana, which elected the first woman to the House of Representatives,
 Jeannette Rankin. The main resistance came from the South, where white leaders were worried about the
 threat of black women being allowed to vote. Congress passed the 
women first voted in 1920.
 Nineteenth Amendment in 1919, and
 [172] Politicians responded to the new electorate by emphasizing issues of
 special interest to women, especially 
prohibition, child health, and world peace.
 [173]
 [174]
 Modern America and World Wars (1914–1945)
 World War I and the interwar years
 As 
World War I raged in Europe from 1914, President
 Woodrow Wilson declared neutrality, but warned Germany
 that resumption of 
unrestricted submarine warfare against
 American ships would mean war. Germany decided to take
 the risk, and try to win by cutting off supplies to Britain
 through the sinking of ships such as the 
U.S. 
declared war in April 1917.
 [175]
 RMS Lusitania. The
 By the summer of 1918 soldiers in General 
John J. Pershing's
 American Expeditionary Forces arrived at the rate of 10,000 a
 day, while Germany was unable to replace its losses.
 Dissent against the war was suppressed by the 
Sedition Act of
 1918 and 
Espionage Act of 1917. Over 2,000 were
 imprisoned for speaking out against the war.
 [176]
 Meuse-Argonne American Cemetery in
 France, a cemetery for 
killed in 
U.S. servicemen
 Europe during their service in
 World War I
 [177]
A depiction of the sharp decrease of the
 money supply between Black Tuesday
 and the Bank Holiday when massive
 bank runs commences across the United
 States in March 1933
 The Allies won in November 1918. Wilson dominated the 1919 Paris Peace Conference, putting his
 geopolitical hopes in the new League of Nations as Germany was treated harshly in the Treaty of
 Versailles (1919). Wilson refused to compromise with Senate Republicans over the issue of
 Congressional power to declare war, and the Senate rejected the Treaty and the League.[178] Instead, the
 United States chose to pursue unilateralism.[179] The aftershock of Russia's October Revolution resulted
 in fears of Communism in the United States, leading to a Red Scare and the deportation of non-citizens
 considered subversive.
 Despite the Progressive-era modernization of hospitals and medical schools,[180] the country lost around
 550,000 lives to the Spanish flu pandemic in 1918 and 1919.[181][182] During the "Roaring" 1920s, the
 economy expanded. African-Americans benefited from the Great Migration and had more cultural power,
 an example being the Harlem Renaissance which spread jazz music. Meanwhile, the Ku Klux Klan had a
 resurgence, and the Immigration Act of 1924 was passed to strictly limit the number of new entries.[183]
 Prohibition began in 1920, when the manufacture, sale, import and export of alcohol were prohibited by
 the Eighteenth Amendment. Bootlegged alcohol in the cities ended up under the control of gangs, who
 fought each other for territory. Italian bootleggers in New York City gradually formed the Mafia crime
 syndicate. In 1933, President Franklin D. Roosevelt repealed prohibition.[184]
 The Great Depression (1929–1939) and the New Deal (1933
1936) were decisive moments in American political,
 economic, and social history.[185] A financial bubble was
 fueled by an inflated stock market, which led to the Wall
 Street crash on October 29, 1929.[186] This, along with other
 economic factors, triggered a worldwide depression. The
 United States experienced deflation as prices fell,
 unemployment soared from 3% in 1929 to 25% in 1933, farm
 prices fell by half, and manufacturing output plunged by one
third.
 The New Deal enacted by President Franklin D. Roosevelt
 was a series of permanent reform programs including Social
 Security, unemployment relief and insurance, public housing, bankruptcy insurance, farm subsidies, and
 regulation of financial securities.[187] It also provided unemployment relief through the Works Progress
 Administration (WPA) and for young men, the Civilian Conservation Corps. Large-scale spending
 projects designed to rebuild infrastructure were under the purview of the Public Works
 Administration.[187]
 State governments introduced the sales tax to pay for new programs. Ideologically, the New Deal
 established modern liberalism in the United States.[187] The New Deal coalition won re-election for
 Roosevelt in 1936, 1940, and 1944.[187] The Second New Deal in 1935 and 1936 brought the economy
 further left, building up labor unions through the Wagner Act. Roosevelt weakened his second term by a
 failed effort to pack the Supreme Court, which had been a center of conservative resistance to his
 Great Depression and the New Deal
The USS Arizona burning after the
 Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on
 December 7, 1941
 programs.[187] The economy essentially recovered by 1936, but long-term unemployment remained a
 problem until it was solved by wartime spending. Most of the relief programs were dropped in the 1940s,
 when the conservatives regained power in Congress through the Conservative coalition.[187]
 During the Depression, the United States remained focused
 on domestic concerns. U.S. legislation in the Neutrality Acts
 sought to avoid foreign conflicts; however, policy clashed
 with increasing anti-Nazi feelings following the German
 invasion of Poland in September 1939 that started World War
 II.[188] At first, Roosevelt positioned the U.S. as the "Arsenal
 of Democracy", pledging full-scale financial and munitions
 support for the Allies and Lend-Lease agreements – but no
 military personnel.[188]
 Japan tried to neutralize America's power in the Pacific by
 attacking Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, but instead it
 catalyzed American support to enter the war.[189] Roosevelt's
 Executive Order 9066 resulted in over 120,000 Americans of
 Japanese descent being removed from their homes and placed in internment camps.[190][191][192] The
 Allies fought against Germany in the European theater and Japan in the Pacific War.[193] The United
 States was one of the "Allied Big Four", alongside the United Kingdom, Soviet Union, and
 China.[194][195]
 The U.S. gave the Allied war effort money, food, petroleum, technology, and military personnel. The U.S.
 focused on maximizing its national economic output, causing a dramatic increase in GDP, the end of
 unemployment, and a rise in civilian consumption, even as 40% of the GDP went to the war effort.[185] A
 wartime production boom led to the end of the Great Depression. Tens of millions of workers moved into
 the active labor force and to higher-productivity jobs. Labor shortages encouraged industries to look for
 new sources of workers, finding new roles for women and Black people. Economic mobilization was
 managed by the War Production Board.[185] Most durable goods became unavailable or were tightly
 rationed, while housing for industrial jobs was in short supply. Prices and wages were controlled, and
 Americans saved a high portion of their incomes, which led to post-war growth.[196][197]
 The U.S. stopped Japanese expansion in the Pacific in 1942; after the loss of the Philippines to Japanese
 conquests, as well as a draw in the Battle of the Coral Sea in May, the American Navy then inflicted a
 decisive blow at Midway in June 1942. The Allied forces built up a garrison on Guadalcanal island,
 formerly held by the Japanese, after the successes of the Battle of the Eastern Solomons and the Battle of
 Guadalcanal. The Japanese then stopped advancing south, and the U.S. began taking New Guinea. Japan
 also lost their invasion of the Alaskan Aleutian Islands, allowing the U.S. to begin attacking the Japanese
controlled Kuril Islands.[193]
 American ground forces assisted in the North African campaign and the collapse of Fascist Italy in 1943.
 A more significant European front was opened on D-Day, June 6, 1944, in which Allied forces invaded
 Nazi-occupied France.[193] The Allies began pushing the Germans out of France in the Normandy
 campaign. After Allied forces landed at the French Riviera in Operation Dragoon, Hitler allowed his army
 World War II
Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima, a photo of
 U.S. Marines raising a U.S. flag atop
 Mount Suribachi during the Battle of Iwo
 Jima on February 23, 1945
 The NATO (blue) and Warsaw Pact (red)
 alliances during the Cold War from 1949
 to 1990
 to retreat from Normandy.[198] Roosevelt died in 1945, and was succeeded by Harry Truman.[199] The
 western front stopped short of Berlin, leaving the Soviets to take it in the Battle of Berlin. The Nazi
 regime formally capitulated in May 1945, ending the war in Europe.[193]
 In the Pacific, the U.S. implemented an island hopping
 strategy toward Tokyo. The Philippines was eventually
 reconquered, after Japan and the United States fought in
 history's largest naval battle, the Battle of Leyte Gulf.[200]
 After the war, the U.S. granted the Philippines
 independence.[201]
 Military research and development increased during the war,
 leading to the Manhattan Project, a secret effort to harness
 nuclear fission to produce atomic bombs;[202] the first nuclear
 device was detonated on July 16, 1945.[203] U.S. airfields in
 the Mariana Islands allowed for easier bombing of Japan and
 hard-fought U.S. victories at Iwo Jima and Okinawa in
 1945.[204] The U.S. initially prepared to invade Japan's home
 islands, but they dropped atomic bombs on the Japanese cities
 of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945, killing at least 200,000 residents in both cities, compelling
 Japan to surrender and ending World War II.[205] The U.S. occupied Japan (and part of Germany).[206]
 Throughout the 4 years of American involvement in World War II, 400,000 American military personnel
 and civilians were killed.[207] Nuclear weapons have not been used since the war ended, and a "long
 peace" began between the global powers, but they still competed in the Cold War.[208]
 In the decades after World War II, the United States became a
 global influence in economic, political, military, cultural, and
 technological affairs. Following World War II, the United
 States emerged as one of the two dominant superpowers, the
 Soviet Union being the other. The U.S. Senate approved U.S.
 participation in the United Nations (UN), which marked a
 turn away from traditional American isolationism and toward
 increased international involvement.[209] The United States
 and other major Allied powers became the foundation of the
 UN Security Council.[210] The Central Intelligence Agency
 (CIA) was created in 1947.[211]
 Cold War (1945–1991)
 Economic boom and the beginning of the
 Cold War
 Truman administration
The U.S. wished to rescue Europe from the devastation of
 World War II, and to contain the expansion of 
communism,
 represented by the Soviet Union. U.S. foreign policy during
 the Cold War was built around the support of Western Europe
 and Japan along with the policy of 
containment (containing
 the spread of communism).
 [212] The 
Truman Doctrine in 1947
 was the U.S.' attempt to secure trading partners in Europe, by
 providing military and economic aid to Greece and Turkey to
 counteract the threat of communist expansion in the
 Balkans.
 [213]
 [208] In 1948, the United States replaced
 piecemeal financial aid programs with a comprehensive
 Marshall Plan, which pumped money into Western Europe,
 and removed trade barriers, while modernizing the
 managerial practices of businesses and governments.
 [214]
 Post-war American aid to Europe totaled $25 billion, out of
 the U.S. GDP of $258 billion in 1948.
 [214]
 In 1949, the United States, rejecting the long-standing policy
 of no military alliances in peacetime, formed the 
North
 Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) alliance. In response,
 the Soviets formed the 
Warsaw Pact of communist states,
 leading to the "
 [214] In 1949, the Soviets
 performed their 
Iron Curtain".
 first nuclear weapon test.
 One of a number of posters created by
 the 
Economic Cooperation
 Administration, an agency of the 
government, to sell the 
U.S.
 Marshall Plan in
 Europe following the end of 
World War II
 [208] This escalated
 the risk of nuclear warfare; the threat of 
[208]
 mutually assured destruction, however, prevented both powers
 from nuclear war, and resulted the proxy wars in which the two sides did not directly confront each
 other.
 The U.S. fought against communists in the 
Korean War and 
Vietnam War, and 
governments in the third world to try to stop its spread, such as 
toppled left-wing
 Iran in 1953 and 
Guatemala in 1954.
 McCarthyism was a widespread government program led by Senator 
[212]
 Joseph McCarthy to expose
 communists in government and business. Hollywood was targeted by the 
House Un-American Activities
 Committee.
 [215] Gay people were targeted under the McCarthyist 
Eisenhower administration
 Dwight D. Eisenhower was 
Lavender Scare.
 [216]
 elected president in 1952 in a landslide.
 [217] He ended the Korean War, and
 avoided any other major conflict. He cut military spending by relying on advanced technology, such as
 nuclear weapons carried by 
long-range bombers and 
intercontinental missiles.
 [218] After 
Stalin died in
 1953, Eisenhower worked to obtain friendlier relationships with the Soviet Union. At home, he ended
 McCarthyism, expanded the Social Security program, and presided over a decade of bipartisan
 cooperation.
 [218]
 Domestically, after 1948, America entered an 
economic boom: 60% of the American population had
 attained a "middle-class" standard of living by the mid-1950s, compared with only 31% in the 1928 and
 1929. Between 1947 and 1960, the average real income for American workers increased by as much as it
The 101st Airborne Division escorting the
 Little Rock Nine into Little Rock Central
 High School in September 1957
 had in the previous half-century.[219] The economy allowed for an affordable lifestyle with large families;
 this created the baby boom, in which millions of children were born at increased rates from 1945 to
 1964.[220] Many Americans moved into suburban neighborhoods.[221]
 In 1954, the Supreme Court ruled on Brown v. Board of
 Education, finding public school segregation
 unconstitutional.[222] When nine Black students were
 threatened over their admission into all-white Little Rock
 Central High School, Eisenhower sent in a thousand National
 Guard troops to ensure peace.[218] Starting in the late 1950s,
 institutionalized racism across the United States, but
 especially in the South, was increasingly challenged by the
 growing civil rights movement. The activism of Rosa Parks
 and Martin Luther King Jr. led to the boycott of segregated
 public buses in Montgomery, Alabama in 1955, organized by
 King and the Montgomery Improvement Association. They
 faced multiple acts of violence, but continued the boycott for
 a year, until the Supreme Court ordered the city to
 desegregate the buses.[222]
 The Soviets unexpectedly surpassed American technology in 1957 with Sputnik, the first Earth satellite.
 The R-7 missile which launched Sputnik into space could have hypothetically dropped a nuclear bomb
 into U.S. air space from above; new American fears regarding Soviet power began the Space Race, a
 competition between the two countries to prove their technological superiority through space exploration.
 In 1958, Eisenhower created the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for this
 purpose. Angst about the weaknesses of American education led to large-scale federal support for science
 education and research.[223]
 In 1960, John F. Kennedy was elected President. His administration saw the acceleration of the country's
 role in the Space Race, escalation of the American role in the Vietnam War, the Bay of Pigs Invasion, and
 the Cuban Missile Crisis. President Kennedy was assassinated on November 22, 1963.[224] Lyndon B.
 Johnson then became president.[225] He secured congressional passage of his Great Society
 programs,[226] dealing with civil rights, the end of legal segregation, Medicare, extension of welfare,
 federal aid to education at all levels, subsidies for the arts and humanities, environmental activism, and a
 series of programs designed to wipe out poverty.[227][228]
 For years, nonviolent civil rights activists organized direct actions, such as the 1963 Birmingham
 campaign and 1965 Selma to Montgomery march, where they also became victims of violence. Along
 with Supreme Court decisions like Loving v. Virginia and the 1963 March on Washington, these
 movements achieved great steps toward equality with laws like the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting
 Rights Act of 1965, and the Fair Housing Act of 1968. These ended the Jim Crow laws that had legalized
 racial segregation.[229] Native Americans protested federal courts, highlighting the federal government's
 failure to honor treaties involving them. One of the most outspoken Native American groups was the
 Civil unrest and social reforms
 Civil rights and counterculture movements
Civil rights activists during the March on
 Washington for Jobs and Freedom in
 Washington, D.C. in August 1963
 U.S. soldiers searching a village for
 potential Viet Cong during the Vietnam
 War in October 1966
 An anti-Vietnam War demonstration
 outside the Pentagon in October 1967
 American Indian Movement (AIM). In the 1960s, Cesar
 Chavez began organizing poorly paid Mexican-American
 farm workers in California, eventually forming the country's
 first successful union of farm workers, the United Farm
 Workers of America (UFW).[230]
 Amid the Cold War, the United States entered the Vietnam
 War, whose growing unpopularity fed already existing social
 movements. Feminism and the environmental movement
 became political forces, and progress continued toward civil
 rights for all Americans. A counterculture revolution in the
 late sixties and early seventies further divided Americans in a
 "culture war" but also brought forth more liberated social
 views.[231] Frustrations with the seemingly slow progress of
 the integration movement led to the emergence of more
 radical politics, such as the Black Power movement.[232] The
 summer of 1967 saw opposing philosophies in two
 widespread movements, the more peaceful summer of love
 and the radical long, hot summer, which included nationwide
 riots.[233] Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in
 1968.[234] The modern gay rights movement started after the
 Stonewall riots in 1969.[235]
 A new consciousness of the inequality of American women
 began sweeping the nation, starting with the 1963 publication
 of Betty Friedan's best-seller, The Feminine Mystique, which
 critiqued the American cultural idea that women could only
 find fulfillment through their roles as wives, mothers, and
 keepers of the home. In 1966, Friedan and others established
 the National Organization for Women (NOW) to advocate for
 women's rights.[169][236] Protests began, and the new women's
 liberation movement grew in size and power, gaining much
 media attention.[237] The proposed Equal Rights Amendment
 to the Constitution, passed by Congress in 1972, was defeated
 by a conservative coalition mobilized by Phyllis
 Schlafly.[237][238] However, many federal laws established
 women's equal status under the law, such as those equalizing
 pay, employment, education, employment opportunities, and
 credit between genders, and ending pregnancy discrimination.
 State laws criminalized spousal abuse and marital rape, and
 the Supreme Court ruled that the equal protection clause of
 the Fourteenth Amendment applied to women. Social custom and consciousness began to change,
 accepting women's equality. Abortion, deemed by the Supreme Court as a fundamental right in Roe v.
 Wade (1973), is still a point of debate.
Détente
 Nixon and Ford administrations
 President 
Richard Nixon (1969–1974) largely continued the
 New Deal and Great Society programs he inherited.
 [225]
 [239]
 Environmental Protection Agency,
 Nixon created the 
opened relations with China, and 
[240]
 attempted to gradually turn
 the Vietnam War effort over to the 
South Vietnamese. He
 negotiated the 
peace treaty in 1973 which secured the release
 of POWs and led to the withdrawal of U.S. troops. The war
 had cost the lives of 58,000 American troops. Nixon
 manipulated the fierce distrust between the Soviet Union and
 China to the advantage of the U.S., achieving 
both parties.
 détente with
 [239] He was also president during the U.S.'
 landing on the Moon in 1969.
 The 
Watergate scandal, involving Nixon's cover-up of his
 operatives' break-in into the 
Democratic National Committee
 headquarters, destroyed his political base and forced his
 resignation on August 9, 1974.
 [239] He was succeeded by Vice
 President 
Gerald Ford.
 [239]
 [241]
 The 
Buzz Aldrin (shown) and 
Neil Armstrong
 became the first humans to walk on the
 Moon during 
NASA's 
July 1969.
 Fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975, ended the Vietnam War.
 Apollo 11 mission in
 [239] In Central America, the U.S.
 government supported right-wing governments against left-wing groups, such as in 
El Salvador and
 Guatemala. In South America, they supported 
Argentina and 
Chile, who carried out 
campaign of assassinations of exiled political opponents by 
Operation Condor, a
 Southern Cone governments, created at the
 behest of Chilean dictator 
Augusto Pinochet in 1975.
 [242]
 [243]
 [244]
 The 
OPEC oil embargo marked a long-term economic transition: energy prices skyrocketed, and
 American factories faced serious competition from foreign automobiles, clothing, electronics, and
 consumer goods. By the late 1970s, the economy suffered an 
energy crisis, slow economic growth, high
 unemployment, very high inflation, and high interest rates (
 stagflation). Since economists agreed on
 deregulation, many of the New Deal era regulations were ended.
 [245] Meanwhile, the first mass-market
 personal computers were being developed in California's 
Silicon Valley.
 [246]
 Carter administration
 Jimmy Carter was elected president in 1976.
 [247] Carter brokered the 
Camp David Accords between
 Israel and Egypt. In 1979, Iranian students stormed the U.S. embassy in 
Tehran and 
hostage. Carter lost the 
1980 election to the Republican 
Ronald Reagan.
 minutes after Carter's term ended, the remaining U.S. captives were released.
 took 66 Americans
 [248] On January 20, 1981,
Monthly unemployment, inflation, and
 interest rates from January 1981 to
 January 1989
 U.S. Air Force aircraft fly over oil fields
 destroyed by the retreating Iraqi Ground
 Forces during the Gulf War in 1991
 President Ronald Reagan's conservative policies produced a
 major political realignment with his 1980 and 1984 landslide
 elections.[249][250] Reagan's neoliberal economic policies
 (dubbed "Reaganomics") included the implementation of the
 Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981.[250][251][252] Reagan
 continued to downsize government taxation and
 regulation;[253] New Deal and Great Society programs were
 ended.[225] The U.S. experienced a recession in 1982, but
 after inflation decreased, unemployment then decreased, and
 the economic growth rate increased from 4.5% in 1982 to
 7.2% in 1984.[254][255] However, homelessness and economic
 inequality also rose.[256][257]
 The Reagan administration's expansion of the War on Drugs
 led to an increase in incarceration, particularly among African Americans, with the number of people
 imprisoned for drug offences rising from 50,000 to 400,000 between 1980 and 1997.[258][259]
 Manufacturing industries moving out of inner cities increased poverty in those areas; poverty increased
 drug dealing and contributed to the crack epidemic, which led to increased crime and
 incarceration.[258][260] The government also reacted slowly to the AIDS crisis, and banned reliable
 information on the disease, which led to higher infection rates.[261][262]
 Reagan ordered a buildup of the U.S. military, incurring additional budget deficits.[263] The 1983
 invasion of Grenada and 1986 bombing of Libya were popular in the U.S., though Reagan's backing of
 the Contra rebels was mired in the controversy over the Iran–Contra affair.[264] Reagan also introduced a
 complicated missile defense system known as the Strategic Defense Initiative. The Soviets reacted
 harshly because they thought it violated the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, and would give the U.S. a
 major military advantage, so they stopped negotiating disarmament deals until the late 1980s.[263]
 Reagan met four times with Gorbachev, and their summit
 conferences led to the signing of the Intermediate-Range
 Nuclear Forces Treaty.
 International affairs drove the George H. W. Bush presidency,
 which navigated the end of the Cold War and a new era of
 U.S.–Soviet relations. In 1989 Bush directed a military
 invasion of Panama to overthrow Manuel Noriega. On
 December 3, 1989, Gorbachev and Bush declared the Cold
 War over at the Malta Summit. After the fall of the Berlin
 Wall, Bush successfully pushed for the reunification of
 Germany in close cooperation with West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, overcoming the reluctance of
 Gorbachev. The Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, leaving the United States as the sole superpower.[265]
 End of the Cold War
 Reagan administration
 George H. W. Bush administration
Ruins following the Oklahoma City
 bombing in April 1995
 After the collapse of the Soviet Union, the United States continued to intervene in international affairs.
 George H. W. Bush's administration led an international coalition against Iraq in the Gulf War after Iraq
 invaded neighboring Kuwait in 1990. The war undid the Iraqi annexation of Kuwait.[266] Under Bush, the
 U.S. also became involved in wars in Panama, Somalia, Bosnia, and Croatia.[267][268][269] In 1992, there
 were riots in Los Angeles over police brutality.[270]
 Elected in 1992, President Bill Clinton oversaw economic
 expansion and passed the first balanced federal budget in 30
 years.[271] Much of the economic boom was a side effect of
 the Digital Revolution, and new business opportunities
 created by the Internet.[272] During the Clinton
 administration, the U.S. was involved in wars in Haiti and
 Kosovo.[273][274]
 Conservative Republicans heavily won the 1994 midterm
 elections in a "Republican Revolution", which was built
 around the Contract with America policy agenda.[275][276]
 Newt Gingrich was chosen as House Speaker,[275] and he
 would heavily influence the Republican Party to engage in
 "confrontational" political speech.[277][278] Clinton's
 leadership after the Oklahoma City bombing increased his
 popularity,[279] and he won in the 1996 presidential
 elections.[280] In 1998, Clinton was impeached by the House
 of Representatives on charges of lying under oath about a
 sexual relationship with White House intern Monica
 Lewinsky. He was acquitted by the Senate.[271]
 In 2000, the dot-com bubble, a widespread overvaluation of
 Internet company stocks, burst and hurt the U.S. economy.[281][282] The close presidential election in
 2000 between Governor George W. Bush and Al Gore was extremely close and produced a dramatic
 dispute over the counting of votes.[283] Bush ultimately won.[284]
 In the September 11 attacks on September 11, 2001, 19 al-Qaeda hijackers commandeered four
 commercial planes to be used in suicide attacks. Two were crashed intentionally into both Twin Towers of
 the World Trade Center in New York City, and a third into the Pentagon in Arlington County, Virginia.
 The fourth plane was retaken by the passengers and crew and crashed into an empty field in
 Pennsylvania. Every building of the World Trade Center partially or completely collapsed, massively
 damaging the surrounding area and blanketing Lower Manhattan in toxic dust clouds. 2,977 victims died
 in the attacks, which proved the deadliest terrorist attack in world history.[285]
 Contemporary United States (1991–present)
 George H. W. Bush and Clinton administrations
 George W. Bush administration
Barack Obama delivering his 2009
 inauguration speech
 On September 20, Bush announced a "war on terror".[286][287] In October 2001, the U.S. and NATO
 invaded Afghanistan and ousted the Taliban regime, which had harbored al-Qaeda and its leader Osama
 bin Laden.[288] Bin Laden escaped to Pakistan, starting a manhunt.[289] The U.S. established new
 domestic efforts to prevent future attacks. The Patriot Act increased the power of government to monitor
 communications and removed legal restrictions on intelligence sharing between federal law enforcement
 agencies.[290] The government's indefinite detention of terrorism suspects captured abroad at the
 Guantanamo Bay detention camp led to allegations of human rights abuses and violations of international
 law.[291][292][293] The Department of Homeland Security was created to lead federal counter-terrorism
 activities.[290]
 In March 2003, the U.S. launched an invasion of Iraq, claiming Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein had
 weapons of mass destruction (WMDs). Intelligence backing WMDs were later found to be inaccurate.
 The war led to the collapse of the Iraqi government and the eventual capture of Hussein.[294][295] The Iraq
 War fueled international protests and gradually saw domestic support decline.[296][297]
 In 2005, Hurricane Katrina killed 1,800 people around New Orleans after the city's levees broke.[298] In
 2007, after years of violence by the Iraqi insurgency, Bush deployed more troops in a strategy dubbed
 "the surge". While the death toll decreased, the political stability of Iraq remained in doubt.[299] In 2008,
 the U.S. entered the Great Recession.[300][301] Multiple overlapping crises were involved, especially the
 housing market crisis, a subprime mortgage crisis, soaring oil prices, an automotive industry crisis, rising
 unemployment, and the 2008 financial crisis, the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. The
 bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers threatened the stability of the entire economy in September 2008.[302]
 Starting in October, the federal government lent $245 billion to financial institutions through the
 bipartisan Troubled Asset Relief Program.[303][304]
 Barack Obama, the first multiracial and African American[305]
 president, was elected in 2008.[306] He signed the Don't Ask,
 Don't Tell Repeal Act, which allowed people to serve in the
 military while openly gay.[307] To help the economy, he
 signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of
 2009,[308] Consumer Assistance to Recycle and Save Act,[309]
 the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, informally
 called "Obamacare",[310] and the Dodd–Frank Wall Street
 Reform and Consumer Protection Act.[311][312] The
 unemployment rate began falling as the economy and labor
 markets experienced a recovery.[313]
 These changes to the economic system created new political movements, such as the Occupy movement
 and the Tea Party movement.[314] The recession officially ended in mid-2009.[315] Following the 2010
 midterm elections, Congress was in gridlock,[316] leading to the Budget Control Act of 2011.[317] The
 economic expansion that followed the Great Recession was the longest in U.S. history;[318][319] the
 unemployment rate reached a 50-year low in 2019.[320] Despite the strong economy, increases in the cost
 of living surpassed increases in wages.[321][322]
 Obama administration
 0:00
The White House lit with rainbow colors
 in celebration of the legalization of gay
 marriage in June 2015
 A February 2018 demonstration following
 the Parkland high school shooting in
 Parkland, Florida
 In 2009, Obama issued an executive order banning the use of torture.[323][324] He ordered the closure of
 secret CIA-run prisons overseas,[325][326] and sought to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, but
 his efforts were stymied by Congress.[327][328] American military personnel left Iraq in 2011.[329]
 Meanwhile, Obama increased involvement in Afghanistan, adding 30,000 troops, while proposing to
 begin withdrawal in 2014.[324] The U.S., with NATO, intervened in the Libyan Civil War in 2011.[330] In
 May 2011, Osama bin Laden was killed in Pakistan in a Navy SEALs raid ordered by Obama. While al
Qaeda was near collapse in Afghanistan, affiliated organizations continued to operate in Yemen and other
 remote areas, as the CIA used drones to hunt down its leadership.[331][332] In October, Obama sent troops
 to Central Africa to fight the Lord's Resistance Army.[333]
 Following Obama's 2012 re-election, Congressional gridlock continued, resulting in the first government
 shutdown since the Clinton administration.[334] In 2012, the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in
 Newtown, Connecticut, led to unsuccessful attempts from Obama to promote gun reform.[335] The
 Boston Marathon bombing of 2013 killed three people and injured more than 260.[336] In 2013, the U.S.
 also started a counter-terrorist intervention in Niger,[337] and began a covert operation to train rebels in
 Syria who were fighting against the terrorist group ISIS. The latter program was publicized and expanded
 in 2014.[338] That year, ISIS grew in scope in the Middle East, and inspired many terrorist attacks in the
 United States, including the 2015 San Bernardino attack.[339][340][341] The U.S. and its allies began a
 significant military offensive against ISIS in Iraq which lasted from 2014 to 2021.[342][343] In December
 2014, Obama officially ended the combat mission in Afghanistan.[344]
 The shooting of Black teen Michael Brown by police officer
 Darren Wilson, and a grand jury declining to charge Wilson
 with murder, led to the Ferguson unrest in Missouri in 2014
 and 2015.[345] In 2012, President Obama became the first
 president to openly support same-sex marriage.[346] The
 Supreme Court provided federal recognition of same-sex
 marriages in 2013,[347] and then legalized gay marriage
 nationwide with Obergefell v. Hodges in 2015.[348] Also in
 2015, the U.S. joined the international Paris Agreement on
 climate change.[349]
 In November 2016, Donald Trump was elected president.[350]
 The election's legitimacy was disputed when the FBI and
 Congress investigated if Russia interfered in the election to
 help Trump win. There were also accusations of collusion
 between Trump's campaign and Russian officials. The
 Mueller report concluded that Russia attempted to help
 Trump's campaign, but there was no evidence of "explicit"
 collusion.[351][352][353]
 During Trump's presidency, he espoused an "America First"
 ideology, placing restrictions on asylum seekers, expanding
 the wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, and banning immigration
 from seven Muslim-majority countries. Many of his actions
 First Trump administration
Supporters of then-President Trump
 attempting to stop the counting of
 electoral votes on January 6, 2021
 were challenged in court.[354][355][356] He confirmed three new Supreme Court justices (cementing a
 conservative majority),[357] started a trade war with China,[358] signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and
 removed the U.S. from the Paris Agreement.[349] In 2018, the administration separated families which
 were illegally immigrating to the country. After public outcry, Trump rescinded the policy.[359][360] A
 whistleblower complaint alleged that Trump had withheld foreign aid from Ukraine under the demand
 that they investigate the business dealings of Hunter Biden; Hunter's father, Democrat Joe Biden, would
 be Trump's opponent in the 2020 presidential election.[361][362] Trump was impeached for abuse of power
 and obstruction of congress, but was acquitted in 2020.[363]
 In the 2010s and early 2020s, Americans became more politically polarized.[364][365][366] The #MeToo
 movement exposed alleged sexual harassment and abuse in the workplace.[367] Many celebrities were
 accused of misconduct or rape.[368][369] The Black Lives Matter movement gained support after multiple
 police killings of African-Americans.[370] White supremacy also grew.[371][372][373] The 2017 Women's
 March against Trump's presidency was one of the largest protests in American history.[374] Multiple mass
 shootings, including the 2016 Pulse Nightclub shooting, 2017 Las Vegas shooting, and 2018 Parkland
 shooting, led to increased calls for gun reform, such as in the March for Our Lives student protest
 movement.[375][376]
 COVID-19 started spreading in China in 2019.[377] In March 2020, the WHO declared a pandemic.[378]
 American state and local governments imposed stay-at-home orders to slow the virus' spread, reducing
 patient overload in hospitals. By April, the U.S. had the most cases of any country, at
 100,000.[379][380][381] On April 11, the U.S. death toll became the highest in the world at 20,000,[382] and
 by May 2022, one million had died.[383] Unemployment rates were the highest since the Great
 Depression.[384][385] The biggest mass vaccination campaign in U.S. history started in December
 2020.[386] The May 2020 murder of George Floyd caused mass protests and riots in many cities over
 police brutality.[387] Many organizations attempted to rid themselves of institutionalized racism.[388] 2020
 was also marked by a rise in domestic terrorist threats and widespread conspiracy theories around mail-in
 voting and COVID-19.[389][390][391] The QAnon conspiracy theory gained publicity.[392][393] Multiple
 major cities were hit by rioting and fighting between far-left anti-fascist groups and far-right groups like
 the Proud Boys.[394][395]
 Joe Biden defeated Trump in the 2020 presidential
 election.[362] Trump repeatedly made false claims of massive
 voter fraud and election rigging,[396][397][398] leading to the
 January 6 United States Capitol attack by supporters of
 Trump and right-wing militias.[399][400] The attack was
 widely described as a coup d'état.[401][402][403] It led to
 Trump's impeachment for incitement of insurrection, making
 him the only U.S. president to be impeached
 twice.[404][405][406] The Senate later acquitted Trump, despite
 some fellow Republicans voting against him.[407][408] Kamala
 Harris was inaugurated as the first Black, Asian, and female
 vice president.[409]
Protestors outside the Supreme Court
 following the Dobbs v. Jackson Women's
 Health Organization decision in June
 2022
 In 2021, Biden completed the withdrawal of American troops from Afghanistan which had started under
 the first Trump administration. After an evacuation of over 120,000 American citizens, Afghanistan fell to
 the Taliban in August.[410][411][412] Biden signed into law the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, a
 $1.9 trillion stimulus bill.[413] He also proposed a significant expansion of the social safety net through
 the Build Back Better Act, but those efforts, along with voting rights legislation, failed in Congress.[414]
 He signed bills regarding infrastructure,[415] gun reform,[416] inflation reduction,[417] and healthcare for
 veterans,[418] among other issues.[419] New preventative restrictions were put in place in reaction to the
 SARS-CoV-2 Delta variant.[420][421][422]
 In 2022, following Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine, the Biden administration provided extensive
 military and economic aid to Ukraine, approving tens of billions of dollars in assistance and coordinating
 sanctions against Russia with NATO allies.[423] The U.S. also supplied advanced weaponry, including
 artillery and missile defense systems, while reinforcing NATO's eastern flank in response to the
 conflict.[424][425]
 In the early 2020s, Republican-led states began rollbacks of
 LGBTQ rights as well as restrictions on voting rights.[426] In
 2022, the Supreme Court ruled in Dobbs v. Jackson that the
 right to have an abortion is not protected by the U.S.
 Constitution, overturning Roe v. Wade and Planned
 Parenthood v. Casey and sparking nationwide
 protests.[427][428] Biden appointed Ketanji Brown Jackson to
 become the first Black woman to serve on the court.[429] In
 2023, Trump began appearing in court as a defendant in
 multiple notable criminal trials.[430][431] Meanwhile, the U.S.
 began supporting Israel in the Gaza war[432] and protecting
 shipping in the Red Sea from attacks by the Yemeni
 Houthis.[433]
 In May 2024, Trump became the first former president to be
 convicted of a crime, when found guilty of 34 felony counts for falsifying business documents related to
 his paying off of Stormy Daniels.[434] In July, the Supreme Court ruled in Trump v. United States that
 presidents are somewhat immune from criminal prosecution, aiding Trump prior to his planned election
 subversion trial.[435][436][437] Later in July, Biden dropped out of the 2024 race and endorsed his running
 mate Kamala Harris for president.[438] During the election season, there were two assassination attempts
 on Trump.[439] Trump won the 2024 presidential election.[440][441] Biden delivered his farewell address
 from the Oval Office on January 15, 2025. He opened by announcing that a hostage release deal had been
 reached between Israel and Hamas. Additionally, he advocated for continued renewable energy
 investment, strengthening checks and balances in government, and warned against the dangers of what he
 termed the 'tech–industrial complex'.[442]
 In November 2024, Trump was elected president to a nonconsecutive second term. The election was
 certified by Congress on January 6, 2025, and Trump assumed office on January 20.[443] On his first day,
 Trump pardoned about 1,500 people convicted of offenses in the January 6 Capitol attack of 2021. Within
 Biden administration
 Second Trump administration
Trump enacts the One Big Beautiful Bill
 on July 4, 2025
 his first month, he signed approximately 70 executive orders
 (far more than any of his recent predecessors), some of which
 are being challenged in court.[444] On immigration, he signed
 executive orders blocking asylum-seekers from entry to the
 U.S., reinstated the national emergency at the Mexico–U.S.
 border, designated drug cartels as terrorist organizations, and
 attempted to end birthright citizenship. He signed the Laken
 Riley Act as the first legislation of his term. Trump
 established the Department of Government Efficiency
 (DOGE), led by the businessman Elon Musk, which is tasked
 with cutting spending by the federal government, limiting
 bureaucracy, and which has overseen mass layoffs of civil
 servants.
 In international affairs, Trump withdrew the United States from the World Health Organization and the
 Paris Climate Accords. He started a trade war with Canada and Mexico and continued the ongoing trade
 war with China. He has repeatedly expressed interest in annexing Canada, Greenland, and the Panama
 Canal. In response to the Gaza War, he proposed an American takeover of the Gaza Strip, forcibly
 relocating the Palestinian population to other Arab states, and rebuilding Gaza into a tourist resort. Amid
 the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Trump administration temporarily suspended the provision of
 intelligence and military aid to Ukraine, offered concessions to Russia, requested half of Ukraine's oil and
 minerals as repayment for American support, and said that Ukraine bore partial responsibility for the
 invasion. The administration resumed the aid after Ukraine agreed to a potential ceasefire.[445]
 United States
 portal
 Bibliography of American history
 History of North America
 History of the Southern United States
 List of historians by area of study
 List of history journals
 Outline of the history of the United States
 An Indigenous Peoples' History of the United States
 Colonial era
 United States factor
 Agriculture
 Cities
 Culture
 See also
 By period
 By topic
Economy
 Education
 Foreign policy
 Government
 Presidents
 Immigration
 Military
 Religion
 Sports
 Territorial evolution
 Women
 Politics
 Racism
 Territories
 a. 'In addition, he [i.e., Sweyn Estridsson, king of Denmark (reigned 1047–1076)] named one
 more island in this ocean, discovered by many, which is called "Vinland", because vines
 grow wild there, making the best wine. For [that] crops [that are] not sown, abound there, we
 learn not from fanciful opinion but from the true account of the Danes.' [20]
 b. Howe argued that, "American imperialism did not represent an American consensus; it
 provoked bitter dissent within the national polity."[101]
 c. The Seneca Falls Convention was preceded by the Anti-Slavery Convention of American
 Women in 1837 held in New York City, at which women's rights issues were debated,
 especially African-American women's rights. [106]
 d. A new way of calculating casualties by looking at the deviation of the death rate of men of
 fighting age from the norm through analysis of census data found that at least 627,000 and
 at most 888,000 people, but most likely 761,000 people, died through the war.[124][125]
 1. Goodlatte says U.S. has the oldest working national constitution (http://www.politifact.com/vi
 rginia/statements/2014/sep/22/bob-goodlatte/goodlatte-says-us-has-oldest-working-national-cons/), Politifact Virginia website, September 22, 2014.
 2. Milkis.
 3. "New Ideas About Human Migration From Asia To Americas" (https://www.sciencedaily.com/r
 eleases/2007/10/071025160653.htm). ScienceDaily. October 29, 2007. Archived (https://we
 b.archive.org/web/20110225103124/http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2007/10/0710251
 60653.htm) from the original on February 25, 2011. Retrieved March 12, 2011.
 4. Outline of American History.
 5. Chenault.
 Other topics
 Notes
 References
6. Dumond, D. E. (1969). "Toward a Prehistory of the Na-Dene, with a General Comment on
 Population Movements among Nomadic Hunters" (https://doi.org/10.1525%2Faa.1969.71.5.
 02a00050). American Anthropologist. 71 (5): 857–863. doi:10.1525/aa.1969.71.5.02a00050
 (https://doi.org/10.1525%2Faa.1969.71.5.02a00050). ISSN 0002-7294 (https://search.world
 cat.org/issn/0002-7294). JSTOR 670070 (https://www.jstor.org/stable/670070).
 7. Leer, Jeff; Hitch, Doug; Ritter, John (2001). Interior Tlingit Noun Dictionary: The Dialects
 Spoken by Tlingit Elders of Carcross and Teslin, Yukon, and Atlin, British Columbia.
 Whitehorse, Yukon Territory: Yukon Native Language Centre. ISBN 1-55242-227-5.
 8. "Hopewell" (http://www.ohiohistorycentral.org/entry.php?rec=1283). Ohio History Central.
 Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20110604015341/http://www.ohiohistorycentral.org/e
 ntry.php?rec=1283) from the original on June 4, 2011. Retrieved December 31, 2015.
 9. "Ancestral Pueblo culture" (https://web.archive.org/web/20150429223628/https://www.britan
 nica.com/EBchecked/topic/22804/Ancestral-Pueblo-culture). Encyclopædia Britannica.
 Archived from the original (https://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/22804/Ancestral-Pu
 eblo-culture) on April 29, 2015. Retrieved June 4, 2012.
 10. Woods, Thomas E. (2007). 33 questions about American history you're not supposed to ask
 (https://books.google.com/books?id=dCMcnBRKR-0C&pg=PA62). Crown Forum. p. 62.
 ISBN 978-0-307-34668-1. Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20160101083603/https://bo
 oks.google.com/books?id=dCMcnBRKR-0C&pg=PA62) from the original on January 1,
 2016. Retrieved December 31, 2015.
 11. Wright, R. (2005). Stolen Continents: 500 Years of Conquest and Resistance in the
 Americas. Mariner Books. ISBN 978-0-618-49240-4.
 12. Tooker, pp. 107–128.
 13. Burns, L. F. "Osage" (https://web.archive.org/web/20110102050914/http://digital.library.oksta
 te.edu/encyclopedia/entries/O/OS001.html). Oklahoma Encyclopedia of History and Culture.
 Archived from the original (http://digital.library.okstate.edu/encyclopedia/entries/O/OS001.ht
 ml) on January 2, 2011. Retrieved November 29, 2010.
 14. Dye, Thomas S. (2011). "A model-based age estimate for Polynesian colonization of
 Hawai'i" (https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/j.1834-4453.2011.tb00107.x). Archaeology in Oceania.
 46 (3): 130–138. doi:10.1002/j.1834-4453.2011.tb00107.x (https://doi.org/10.1002%2Fj.183
 4-4453.2011.tb00107.x). ISSN 0728-4896 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/0728-4896).
 15. Kirch, Patrick. "When Did the Polynesians Settle Hawai'i?" (https://www.academia.edu/1034
 367).
 16. Conte, Eric; Anderson, Atholl (2003). "Radiocarbon Ages for Two Sites on Ua Huka,
 Marquesas" (https://dx.doi.org/10.1353/asi.2003.0018). Asian Perspectives. 42 (1): 155
160. doi:10.1353/asi.2003.0018 (https://doi.org/10.1353%2Fasi.2003.0018).
 hdl:10125/17184 (https://hdl.handle.net/10125%2F17184). ISSN 1535-8283 (https://search.
 worldcat.org/issn/1535-8283). S2CID 162470429 (https://api.semanticscholar.org/CorpusID:
 162470429).
 17. Anderson, Atholl; Leach, Helen; Smith, Ian; Walter, Richard (1994). "Reconsideration of the
 Marquesan sequence in East Polynesian prehistory, with particular reference to Hane
 (MUH1)" (https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/arco.1994.29.1.29). Archaeology in Oceania. 29 (1):
 29–52. doi:10.1002/arco.1994.29.1.29 (https://doi.org/10.1002%2Farco.1994.29.1.29).
 ISSN 0728-4896 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/0728-4896).
 18. Fitzpatrick (March 9, 2020). Early mapping of Hawaii. Routledge. ISBN 978-1-317-72652-4.
 OCLC 1151955837 (https://search.worldcat.org/oclc/1151955837).
 19. Rouse, Irving (1992). The Tainos : Rise & Decline of the People Who Greeted Columbus.
 New Haven: Yale University Press. ISBN 0-300-05181-6. OCLC 24469325 (https://search.w
 orldcat.org/oclc/24469325).
 20. von Bremen, Adam (1917). Schmeidler, Bernhard (ed.). Hamburgische Kirchengeschichte (h
 ttps://archive.org/stream/adamvonbremenham00adam#page/274/mode/2up) [Hamburg's
 Church History] (in Latin and German). Hannover and Leipzig: Hahnsche. pp. 275–276.
21. Linden, Eugene. 
"The Vikings: A Memorable Visit to America" (https://www.smithsonianmag.
 com/history/the-vikings-a-memorable-visit-to-america-98090935). Smithsonian Magazine.
 Retrieved May 28, 2020.
 22. Byrne, Joseph Patrick (2008). 
Encyclopedia of Pestilence, Pandemics, and Plagues (https://
 books.google.com/books?id=5Pvi-ksuKFIC&pg=PA415). ABC-CLIO. pp. 415–416. 
Archived
 (https://web.archive.org/web/20140101125507/http://books.google.com/books?id=5Pvi-ksuK
 FIC&pg=PA415) from the original on January 1, 2014. Retrieved June 27, 2015.
 23. Hinderaker, Eric; Horn, Rebecca (2010). "Territorial Crossings: Histories and
 Historiographies of the Early Americas". The William and Mary Quarterly. 67 (3): 395.
 doi:
 10.5309/willmaryquar.67.3.395 (https://doi.org/10.5309%2Fwillmaryquar.67.3.395).
 JSTOR 
10.5309/willmaryquar.67.3.395 (https://www.jstor.org/stable/10.5309/willmaryquar.6
 7.3.395).
 24. Greenberger, Robert (2003). Juan Ponce de León: the exploration of Florida and the search
 for the Fountain of Youth.
 25. Pyne, Stephen J. (1998). 
How the Canyon Became Grand (https://archive.org/details/howca
 nyonbecameg00pyne/page/4). New York City: Penguin Books. pp. 
etails/howcanyonbecameg00pyne/page/4). 
4–7 (https://archive.org/d
 ISBN 
978-0-670-88110-9.
 26. 
Day.
 27. Weber, David J. (1979). New Spain's Far Northern Frontier: Essays on Spain in the
 American West, 1540–1821.
 28. 
Jacobs.
 29. 
"Brief History of New Sweden in America" (https://web.archive.org/web/20210921135312/htt
 p://www.colonialswedes.net/History/History.html). colonialswedes.net. Archived from 
the
 original (https://colonialswedes.net/History/History.html) on September 21, 2021. Retrieved
 July 18, 2020.
 30. 
"The Finns in America. The First Settlers" (https://web.archive.org/web/20201001220039/htt
 ps://www.genealogia.fi/emi/art/article385e.htm). genealogia.fi. Archived from 
the original (htt
 ps://www.genealogia.fi/emi/art/article385e.htm) on October 1, 2020. Retrieved July 18,
 2020.
 31. Butler, James Davie (1896). 
"British Convicts Shipped to American Colonies" (https://www.js
 tor.org/stable/1833611). American Historical Review. 2 (1): 12–33. 
doi:
 10.2307/1833611 (htt
 ps://doi.org/10.2307%2F1833611). 
JSTOR 
1833611 (https://www.jstor.org/stable/1833611).;
 Keneally, Thomas (2005). 
The Commonwealth of Thieves. Sydney: Random House.
 32. Mintz, Steven. 
"Death in Early America" (https://web.archive.org/web/20101230203658/htt
 p://www.digitalhistory.uh.edu/historyonline/usdeath.cfm). Digital History. Archived from 
the
 original (http://www.digitalhistory.uh.edu/historyonline/usdeath.cfm) on December 30, 2010.
 Retrieved February 15, 2011.
 33. 
Middleton and Lombard.
 34. Kidd, Thomas S. (2009). 
The Great Awakening: The Roots of Evangelical Christianity in
 Colonial America (https://archive.org/details/greatawakeningbr0000kidd). Bedford/St.
 Martin's. 
ISBN 
9780312452254.
 35. 
Savelle, pp. 185–190.
 36. Barker, Deanna. 
"Indentured Servitude in Colonial America" (https://web.archive.org/web/20
 091022161033/http://geocities.com/nai_cilh/servitude.html). National Association for
 Interpretation, Cultural Interpretation and Living History Section. Archived from 
(http://www.geocities.com/nai_cilh/servitude.html) on October 22, 2009.
 37. 
Corbett et al.
 38. 
Encarta Online.
 the original
39. Brands, H.W. (2010). 
The First American: The Life and Times of Benjamin Franklin (https://b
 ooks.google.com/books?id=TLdOMa1MEqsC&pg=PA232). Random House Digital, Inc.
 pp. 232–240, 510–512. 
ISBN 
9780307754943. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20151
 016105918/https://books.google.com/books?id=TLdOMa1MEqsC&pg=PA232) from the
 original on October 16, 2015. Retrieved June 27, 2015.
 40. Morgan, Edmund S. (2012) [1956]. 
The Birth of the Republic, 1763–89 (https://books.googl
 e.com/books?id=Qr_ruAAACAAJ) (4th ed.). U. of Chicago Press. pp. 14–27.
 ISBN 
9780226923420. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20151016105918/https://book
 s.google.com/books?id=Qr_ruAAACAAJ) from the original on October 16, 2015. Retrieved
 June 27, 2015.
 41. Allison, Robert (2007). 
The Boston Tea Party (https://books.google.com/books?id=D6x7Cmi
 o5hoC). Applewood Books. pp. 47–63. 
ISBN 
9781933212111. 
Archived (https://web.archive.
 org/web/20151016105918/https://books.google.com/books?id=D6x7Cmio5hoC) from the
 original on October 16, 2015. Retrieved June 27, 2015.
 42. Hamowy, Ronald (2000). "The Declaration of Independence". In Pole, J. R.; Greene, J. P.
 (eds.). 
A Companion to the American Revolution (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/book/10.
 1002/9780470756454) (1st ed.). Blackwell. pp. 258–261. 
doi:
 10.1002/9780470756454 (http
 s://doi.org/10.1002%2F9780470756454). 
ISBN 
9780631210580.
 43. Wood, Gordon S. (1990). 
"Classical Republicanism and the American Revolution" (https://he
 inonline.org/HOL/Page?handle=hein.journals/chknt66&id=27&div=&collection=). Chicago
Kent Law Review. 66: 13.
 44. 
"Today in History - July 4" (https://www.loc.gov/item/today-in-history/july-04/). Library of
 Congress. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20221029013828/https://www.loc.gov/item/
 today-in-history/july-04/) from the original on October 29, 2022. Retrieved April 27, 2023.
 45. Conroy, David W. (2000). "Development of a revolutionary organization, 1765–1775". In
 Pole, J. R.; Greene, J. P. (eds.). 
A Companion to the American Revolution (https://onlinelibra
 ry.wiley.com/doi/book/10.1002/9780470756454) (1st ed.). Blackwell. pp. 216–221.
 doi:
 10.1002/9780470756454 (https://doi.org/10.1002%2F9780470756454).
 ISBN 
9780631210580.
 46. 
Freeman, Douglas S. (1948). George Washington: A Biography. Augustus M. Kelley. p. 42.
 ISBN 
9780678028346.
 47. 
Cogliano 2009, pp. 101–102.
 48. Snow, Dean R. (2016). 1777: Tipping Point at Saratoga. Oxford University Press. pp. 7–9.
 ISBN 
9780190618759.
 49. Jones, Howard (2001). Crucible of power: a history of American foreign relations to 1913.
 Rowman & Littlefield. p. 12. 
ISBN 
9780842029186.
 50. Lumpkin, Henry (1981). 
From Savannah to Yorktown: The American Revolution in the South
 (https://books.google.com/books?id=lnwsAAAAMAAJ). University of South Carolina Press.
 pp. 27–30. 
ISBN 
978-0-87249-408-4.
 51. 
Cogliano 2009, p. 110.
 52. Morris, Richard Brandon (1965). 
The Peacemakers: The Great Powers and American
 Independence (https://archive.org/details/peacemakersgrea00morr) (1st ed.). Harper &
 Row. pp. 411–412.
 53. 
"Treaty of Paris (1783)" (https://www.archives.gov/milestone-documents/treaty-of-paris).
 National Archives. May 10, 2022. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20221031123838/ht
 tps://www.archives.gov/milestone-documents/treaty-of-paris) from the original on October
 31, 2022. Retrieved April 28, 2023.
54. 
"The Confederation Congress's Ratification of the "Treaty of Paris" " (https://web.archive.or
 g/web/20221103022351/https://history.house.gov/Historical-Highlights/1700s/The-Continent
 al-Congress-s-ratification-of-the-%E2%80%9CTreaty-of-Paris%E2%80%9D/). US House of
 Representatives: History, Art & Archives. Archived from 
the original (https://history.house.go
 v/Historical-Highlights/1700s/The-Continental-Congress-s-ratification-of-the-%E2%80%9CTr
 eaty-of-Paris%E2%80%9D/) on November 3, 2022.
 55. Van Cleve, George William (2019). 
We Have Not a Government: The Articles of
 Confederation and the Road to the Constitution (https://books.google.com/books?id=5r0lEA
 AAQBAJ). University of Chicago Press. pp. 2–7. 
ISBN 
9780226641522. 
Archived (https://we
 b.archive.org/web/20230120192825/https://www.google.com/books/edition/We_Have_Not_
 a_Government/5r0lEAAAQBAJ) from the original on January 20, 2023. Retrieved
 November 3, 2022.
 56. 
Greene & Pole (2003).
 57. Grenier, John (2005). 
The First Way of War: American War Making on the Frontier, 1607
1814 (https://books.google.com/books?id=JGCin1JJp8cC). Cambridge University Press.
 pp. 146–148. 
ISBN 
9781139444705. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/2023012019283
 0/https://www.google.com/books/edition/The_First_Way_of_War/JGCin1JJp8cC) from the
 original on January 20, 2023. Retrieved November 6, 2022.
 58. 
Herring, George (2008). From Colony to Superpower: U.S. Foreign Relations Since 1776.
 Oxford University Press. pp. 43–44, 61–62. 
ISBN 
9780199743773.
 59. Taylor, Alan (2016). 
American Revolutions: A Continental History, 1750-1804 (https://books.g
 oogle.com/books?id=E92aCwAAQBAJ). W. W. Norton & Company. p. 343. 
ISBN 
978-0-393
25387-0.
 60. Countryman, Edward (1985). 
The American Revolution (https://books.google.com/books?id
 =m_fuBSLGMgIC). Macmillan. pp. 193–196. 
ISBN 
978-0-8090-2563-3.
 61. Berkin, Carol (2002). 
A Brilliant Solution: Inventing the American Constitution (https://books.
 google.com/books?id=dBqPVWAD51cC). Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. p. 192. 
ISBN 
978-0-15
602872-1.
 62. McDonald, Forrest (1974). 
The Presidency of George Washington (https://archive.org/detail
 s/presidencyofgeo000mcdo). Lawrence, KS: University Press of Kansas.
 ISBN 
9780700601103.
 63. Labunski, Richard (2008). James Madison and the Struggle for the Bill of Rights.
 64. Smelser, Marshall (1959). "The Jacobin Phrenzy: The Menace of Monarchy, Plutocracy, and
 Anglophilia, 1789–1798". The Review of Politics. 21 (1): 239–258.
 doi:
 10.1017/S003467050002204X (https://doi.org/10.1017%2FS003467050002204X).
 JSTOR 
1405347 (https://www.jstor.org/stable/1405347). 
S2CID 
144230619 (https://api.sem
 anticscholar.org/CorpusID:144230619).
 65. 
Miller.
 66. 
Lesson Plan on Washington.
 67. 
"George Washington's Farewell Address" (http://www.earlyamerica.com/earlyamerica/milest
 ones/farewell). Archiving Early America. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/2008052721
 1849/http://www.earlyamerica.com/earlyamerica/milestones/farewell) from the original on
 May 27, 2008. Retrieved June 7, 2008.
 68. 
McCullough, David (2008). "10". John Adams.
 69. 
Kolchin, Peter (1993). 
American Slavery, 1619–1877 (https://archive.org/details/americansla
 very10000kolc). New York: Hill and Wang. pp. 
79 (https://archive.org/details/americanslaver
 y10000kolc/page/79)–81.
 70. 
"Interview: James Oliver Horton: Exhibit Reveals History of Slavery in New York City" (http
 s://web.archive.org/web/20131223050216/http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/social_issues/ja
 n-june07/divided_01-25.html). 
PBS Newshour. January 25, 2007. Archived from 
the original
 (https://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/social_issues/jan-june07/divided_01-25.html) on
 December 23, 2013. Retrieved February 11, 2012.
71. Ahlstrom, Sydney (1972). 
A Religious History of the American People (https://archive.org/det
 ails/religioushistory0000ahls_h4c4). pp. 
415 (https://archive.org/details/religioushistory0000
 ahls_h4c4/page/415)–471.
 72. Smith, Timothy L. (1957). 
Revivalism and Social Reform: American Protestantism on the
 Eve of the Civil War (https://archive.org/details/revivalismandsoc012498mbp). Harper
 Torchbooks.
 73. 
Wood, Empire of Liberty, pp. 368–374.
 74. 
Ambrose, Stephen E. (1997). 
Undaunted Courage: Meriwether Lewis, Thomas Jefferson,
 and the Opening of the American West (https://archive.org/details/undauntedcourag000amb
 r). Simon and Schuster. 
ISBN 
9780684811079.
 75. Smith, Jean Edward (1998). 
John Marshall: Definer of a Nation (https://archive.org/details/jo
 hnmarshalldefi00jean). Macmillan. pp. 
309 (https://archive.org/details/johnmarshalldefi00jea
 n/page/309)–326. 
ISBN 
9780805055108.
 76. 
Stagg, Madison's War, p. 4.
 77. Carlisle, Rodney P.; Golson, J. Geoffrey, eds. (2007). 
Manifest Destiny and the Expansion of
 America (https://archive.org/details/turningpointsact00carl_912). ABC-CLIO. p. 
chive.org/details/turningpointsact00carl_912/page/n64). 
ISBN 
78. Pratt, Julius W. (1925). Expansionists of 1812.
 79. Heidler, David; Heidler, Jeanne T. The War of 1812. p. 4.
 80. Tucker, Spencer. The Encyclopedia of the War of 1812. p. 236.
 81. 
44 (https://ar
 9781851098330.
 Wood, Empire of Liberty, pp. 660–672.
 82. 
" "We have met the enemy and they are ours" " (https://www.nps.gov/articles/met-the-enemy-4.htm). 
U.S. National Park Service. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/2018081808385
 5/https://www.nps.gov/articles/met-the-enemy-4.htm) from the original on August 18, 2018.
 Retrieved August 18, 2018.
 83. Smelser, Marshall (March 1969). 
"Tecumseh, Harrison, and the War of 1812" (https://web.ar
 chive.org/web/20200325223126/http://fedora.dlib.indiana.edu:8080/iudl-dissem/pdf?fullItemI
 d=%2Fimh%2FVAA4025-065-1-a02). Indiana Magazine of History. 65 (1): 25–44. Archived
 from 
the original (http://purl.dlib.indiana.edu/iudl/imh/printable/VAA4025-065-1-a02) on
 March 25, 2020.
 84. 
Stagg, War of 1812, pp. 152–153.
 85. Remini, Robert V. (2008). A Short history of the United States (1st ed.). New York:
 HarperCollins Publishers. pp. 74–75. 
ISBN 
978-0-06-083144-8. 
OCLC 
167504400 (https://s
 earch.worldcat.org/oclc/167504400).
 86. Langguth, A.J. (2006). "24: Afterward (1815–1861)". 
Union 1812: The Americans Who
 Fought the Second War of Independence (https://archive.org/details/union181200ajla).
 Simon and Schuster. 
ISBN 
9780743226189.
 87. Banner, James (1969). 
To the Hartford Convention: the Federalists and the Origins of Party
 Politics in Massachusetts, 1789–1815 (https://archive.org/details/tohartfordconven0000ban
 n).
 88. 
Dangerfield.
 89. 
Goodman, pp. 56–89.
 90. Gilderhus, Mark T. (March 2006). "The Monroe Doctrine: Meanings and Implications".
 Presidential Studies Quarterly. 36 (1): 5–16. 
doi:
 10.1111/j.1741-5705.2006.00282.x (https://
 doi.org/10.1111%2Fj.1741-5705.2006.00282.x).
 91. 
"Andrew Jackson" (https://web.archive.org/web/20160127032954/http://www.northcarolinahi
 story.org/encyclopedia/769/entry). North Carolina History Project. Archived from 
Norton et al.
 the original
 (http://www.northcarolinahistory.org/encyclopedia/769/entry) on January 27, 2016.
 92. 
93. Hine, Robert V.; Faragher, John Mack (2008). Frontiers: A Short History of the American
 West.
 94. Lamar, Howard R., ed. (1998). The New Encyclopedia of the American West.
 95. 
Hine and Faragher, American West, p. 10.
 96. Heidler, David; Heidler, Jeanne T. (2006). Indian Removal.
 97. Remini, Robert Vincent (2002). Andrew Jackson and His Indian Wars.
 98. 
Stannard 1993, p. 124.
 99. 
Thornton, pp. 75–93.
 100. 
McPherson 1988, pp. 41–46.
 101. 
Howe, p. 798.
 102. 
Hine and Faragher, American West.
 103. Madley, Benjamin (2016). An American Genocide: The United States and the California
 Indian Catastrophe, 1846–1873.
 104. Unruh, John David (1993). 
The Plains Across: The Overland Emigrants on the Trans
Mississippi West, 1840–1860. University of Illinois Press. p. 120. 
ISBN 
978-0-252-06360-2.
 105. Vandermeer, John (2011). 
The Ecology of Agroecosystems (https://books.google.com/book
 s?id=AFRQSuQGHiIC). Jones & Bartlett Learning. p. 149. 
ISBN 
9780763771539.
 106. 
Gordon, Ann D.; Collier-Thomas, Bettye (1997). 
"Introduction" (https://archive.org/details/afri
 canamericanw0000unse_q4k8/page/2). African American women and the vote, 1837–1965.
 University of Massachusetts Press. pp. 
2–9 (https://archive.org/details/africanamericanw000
 0unse_q4k8/page/2). 
ISBN 
978-1-55849-059-8.
 107. Mead, Rebecca J. (2006). How the Vote Was Won: Woman Suffrage in the Western United
 States, 1868–1914.
 108. Forret, Jeff (2012). Slavery in the United States. Facts on File.
 109. 
"The Southern Argument for Slavery" (http://www.ushistory.org/us/27f.asp). USHistory.org.
 Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20170608013217/http://www.ushistory.org/us/27f.asp)
 from the original on June 8, 2017. Retrieved June 3, 2017.
 110. 
"The Compromise of 1850" (http://www.ushistory.org/us/30d.asp). USHistory.org. 
Archived
 (https://web.archive.org/web/20170602064405/http://www.ushistory.org/us/30d.asp) from the
 original on June 2, 2017. Retrieved June 3, 2017.
 111. Rotunda, Ronald D. (1992). Treatise on constitutional law : substance and procedure. West
 Pub. Co. 
ISBN 
0-314-00805-5. 
OCLC 
769785178 (https://search.worldcat.org/oclc/7697851
 78).
 112. 
"Republican Party Platform of 1860" (https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/republica
 n-party-platform-1860). The American Presidency Project. Retrieved September 22, 2022.
 113. Bordewich, Fergus M. (2012). America's Great Debate: Henry Clay, Stephen A. Douglas,
 and the Compromise That Preserved the Union.
 114. Etcheson, Nicole (2006). Bleeding Kansas: Contested Liberty in the Civil War Era.
 115. 
"Confederate States of America - History, President, Map, Facts, & Flag" (https://www.britan
 nica.com/topic/Confederate-States-of-America). Britannica.com. May 28, 2024. Retrieved
 June 12, 2024.
 116. 
Guelzo, Fateful Lightning.
 117. Stampp, Kenneth (2008). The Causes of the Civil War.
 118. Woodworth, Stephen E. (2011). Decision in the Heartland: The Civil War in the West.
 119. Catton, Bruce (1962). 
The Army of the Potomac: Mr. Lincoln's Army (https://archive.org/detai
 ls/brucecatton0000unse).
 120. 
McPherson, James M. "To Conquer a Peace?". 
Civil War Times. Vol. 46, no. 2. pp. 26–33.
 121. 
"The New York City Draft Riots of 1863" (https://press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/317749.h
 tml). press.uchicago.edu. Retrieved September 24, 2022.
122. 
Guelzo, Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation.
 123. Huddleston, John (2002). 
Killing Ground: The Civil War and the Changing American
 Landscape (https://archive.org/details/killinggroundpho0000hudd). JHU Press. p. 
3 (https://a
 rchive.org/details/killinggroundpho0000hudd/page/3). 
ISBN 
9780801867736.
 124. Hacker, J. David (September 20, 2011). 
"Recounting the Dead" (https://web.archive.org/we
 b/20171220224039/https://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/09/20/recounting-the-dead).
 New York Times. Archived from 
the original (https://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/09/
 20/recounting-the-dead) on December 20, 2017.
 125. Hacker, J. David (2011). "A census-based count of the Civil War dead". Civil War History. 57
 (4): 307–348. 
doi:
 10.1353/cwh.2011.0061 (https://doi.org/10.1353%2Fcwh.2011.0061).
 PMID 
22512048 (https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22512048). 
S2CID 
30195230 (https://api.
 semanticscholar.org/CorpusID:30195230).
 126. Downs, Jim (2015). Sick from Freedom: African-American Illness and Suffering during the
 Civil War and Reconstruction.
 127. 
Foner, Eric (1990). 
A Short History of Reconstruction (https://archive.org/details/shorthistory
 ofre00eric). Harper & Row. 
ISBN 
9780060964313.
 128. Summers, Mark Wahlgren (2014). The Ordeal of the Reunion: A New History of
 Reconstruction.
 129. 
"Reconstruction - Definition, Summary, Timeline & Facts" (https://www.britannica.com/event/
 Reconstruction-United-States-history). Britannica.com. June 5, 2024. Retrieved June 12,
 2024.
 130. 
"Assassination of Abraham Lincoln - Summary, Conspirators, Trial, Impact, & Facts" (https://
 www.britannica.com/event/assassination-of-Abraham-Lincoln). Britannica.com. May 28,
 2024. Retrieved June 12, 2024.
 131. 
"The First Measured Century: An Illustrated Guide to Trends in America, 1900–2000" (http
 s://web.archive.org/web/20170815021759/http://www.pbs.org/fmc/book/1population10.htm).
 Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). Archived from 
the original (https://www.pbs.org/fmc/boo
 k/1population10.htm) on August 15, 2017.
 132. Cimbala, Paul A. (2005). The Freedmen's Bureau: Reconstructing the American South after
 the Civil War.
 133. 
"Thirteenth Amendment - Definition, Significance, & Facts" (https://www.britannica.com/topi
 c/Thirteenth-Amendment). Britannica.com. Retrieved June 12, 2024.
 134. 
"Fourteenth Amendment - Definition, Summary, Rights, Significance, & Facts" (https://www.b
 ritannica.com/topic/Fourteenth-Amendment). Britannica.com. May 8, 2024. Retrieved
 June 12, 2024.
 135. 
"Fifteenth Amendment - Definition, Significance, & Facts" (https://www.britannica.com/topic/
 Fifteenth-Amendment). Britannica.com. May 2, 2024. Retrieved June 12, 2024.
 136. 
Rable.
 137. 
Vann Woodward.
 138. 
"Jim Crow Laws - Causes and Effects" (https://www.britannica.com/summary/Jim-Crow-Law
 s-Causes-and-Effects). Britannica.com. Retrieved June 12, 2024.
 139. Ayers, Edward L. (1992). 
The Promise of the New South: Life After Reconstruction (https://a
 rchive.org/details/promiseofnewso00ayer). Oxford University Press. pp. 
g/details/promiseofnewso00ayer/page/3)–54. 
ISBN 
3 (https://archive.or
 978-0-19-503756-2.
 140. Anderson, David L. (1978). "The Diplomacy of Discrimination: Chinese Exclusion, 1876
1882". California History. 57 (1): 32–45. 
doi:
 10.2307/25157814 (https://doi.org/10.2307%2F
 25157814). 
JSTOR 
25157814 (https://www.jstor.org/stable/25157814).
 141. Roger Daniels and Otis L. Graham, Debating American Immigration, 1882–present
 (Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield, 2001), 14.
 142. Trachtenberg, Alan (2007). The Incorporation of America: Culture and Society in the Gilded
 Age.
143. Pettigrew, Richard Franklin (2010). Triumphant Plutocracy: The Story of American Public
 Life from 1870 to 1920. Nabu Press. 
ISBN 
978-1146542746.
 144. Schlup, Leonard; Ryan, James G., eds. (2003). Historical dictionary of the Gilded Age.
 Armonk, N.Y.: M.E. Sharpe. p. 145. 
ISBN 
978-0765603319., (foreword by Vincent P. De
 Santis)
 145. 
Beard.
 146. 
Piketty, Thomas (2014). 
Capital in the Twenty-First Century. 
Belknap Press. pp. 
348 (https://
 archive.org/details/isbn_9780674430006/page/348)–349. 
ISBN 
978-0674430006.
 147. 
"Growth of U.S. Population" (https://web.archive.org/web/20100123083235/http://www.theus
 aonline.com/people/growth.htm). TheUSAonline.com. Archived from the original on January
 23, 2010.
 148. Bacon, Katie (June 12, 2007). 
"The Dark Side of the Gilded Age" (https://web.archive.org/we
 b/20161223114403/http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2007/06/the-dark-side-of-t
 he-gilded-age/306012). 
The Atlantic. Archived from 
the original (https://www.theatlantic.com/
 magazine/archive/2007/06/the-dark-side-of-the-gilded-age/306012) on December 23, 2016.
 Retrieved March 24, 2014.
 149. 
Zinn, pp. 264–282.
 150. Fraser, Steve (2015). The Age of Acquiescence: The Life and Death of American
 Resistance to Organized Wealth and Power. 
Little, Brown and Company. p. 66. 
ISBN 
978-0
316-18543-1.
 151. Mintz, Steven (2006). 
"Learn About the Progressive Era" (https://web.archive.org/web/20071
 012035636/http://www.digitalhistory.uh.edu/modules/progressivism/index.cfm). Digital
 History. 
University of Houston. Archived from 
the original (http://www.digitalhistory.uh.edu/m
 odules/progressivism/index.cfm) on October 12, 2007. Retrieved February 6, 2008.
 152. 
"James A. Garfield - 20th President, Assassination, Civil War" (https://www.britannica.com/bi
 ography/James-A-Garfield/Presidency). Britannica.com. Retrieved June 9, 2024.
 153. Mintz, Steven (June 5, 2008). 
"Learn About the Gilded Age" (https://web.archive.org/web/20
 080516192932/http://digitalhistory.uh.edu/modules/gilded_age/index.cfm). Digital History.
 University of Houston. Archived from 
the original (http://www.digitalhistory.uh.edu/modules/gi
 lded_age/index.cfm) on May 16, 2008. Retrieved June 5, 2008.
 154. Hoffmann, Charles (1956). "The Depression of the Nineties". The Journal of Economic
 History. 16 (2): 137–164. 
doi:
 10.1017/S0022050700058629 (https://doi.org/10.1017%2FS00
 22050700058629). 
JSTOR 
2114113 (https://www.jstor.org/stable/2114113).
 S2CID 
155082457 (https://api.semanticscholar.org/CorpusID:155082457).
 155. Sebakijje, Lena. 
"Research Guides: Eugene Debs: Topics in Chronicling America:
 Introduction" (https://guides.loc.gov/chronicling-america-eugene-debs/introduction).
 guides.loc.gov. Retrieved September 24, 2023.
 156. Miller, Worth Robert (1993). 
"A Centennial Historiography of American Populism" (https://we
 b.archive.org/web/20100702202601/http://history.missouristate.edu/wrmiller/Populism/Texts/
 historiography.htm). Kansas History. 16 (1): 54–69. Archived from 
the original (http://history.
 missouristate.edu/wrmiller/Populism/texts/historiography.htm) on July 2, 2010.
 157. Harpine, William D. (2006). 
From the Front Porch to the Front Page: McKinley and Bryan in
 the 1896 Presidential Campaign (https://books.google.com/books?id=0LANgsuVoBwC).
 Texas A&M University Press. pp. 176–186. 
ISBN 
9781585445592. 
Archived (https://web.arc
 hive.org/web/20150929001850/https://books.google.com/books?id=0LANgsuVoBwC) from
 the original on September 29, 2015. Retrieved June 27, 2015.
 158. Morgan, H. Wayne (1966). "William McKinley as a Political Leader". The Review of Politics.
 28 (4): 417–432. 
doi:
 10.1017/S0034670500013188 (https://doi.org/10.1017%2FS00346705
 00013188). 
JSTOR 
1405280 (https://www.jstor.org/stable/1405280). 
S2CID 
145544412 (htt
 ps://api.semanticscholar.org/CorpusID:145544412).
 159. 
"William McKinley - Biography, Presidency, Assassination, & Facts" (https://www.britannica.c
 om/biography/William-McKinley). Britannica.com. May 28, 2024. Retrieved June 9, 2024.
160. Kazin, Michael; et al. (2011). 
The Concise Princeton Encyclopedia of American Political
 Turn up History (https://books.google.com/books?id=fsWLGcZ7pyAC&pg=PA181).
 Princeton University Press. p. 181. 
ISBN 
9781400839469. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/
 web/20160519113935/https://books.google.com/books?id=fsWLGcZ7pyAC&pg=PA181)
 from the original on May 19, 2016. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 161. 
"Credit Union History" (https://www.acumuseum.org/credit-union-history). 
Archived (https://w
 eb.archive.org/web/20180612184356/https://www.acumuseum.org/credit-union-history) from
 the original on June 12, 2018. Retrieved November 29, 2018.
 162. 
"A Thing Well Begun Is Half Done" (https://digital.library.cornell.edu/catalog/ss:3293822).
 Persuasive Maps: PJ Mode Collection. Cornell University. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/
 web/20170726170633/https://digital.library.cornell.edu/catalog/ss:3293822) from the original
 on July 26, 2017. Retrieved July 22, 2017.
 163. 
U.S. Bureau of the Census (1894). 
Report on Indians taxed and Indians not taxed in the
 United States (except Alaska) (https://books.google.com/books?id=KWkUAQAAMAAJ&pg=
 PA637). Norman Ross Pub. p. 637. 
ISBN 
9780883544624. 
Archived (https://web.archive.or
 g/web/20150518093120/https://books.google.com/books?id=KWkUAQAAMAAJ&pg=PA63
 7) from the original on May 18, 2015. Retrieved June 27, 2015.
 164. Paterson, Thomas G. (1996). "United States Intervention in Cuba, 1898: Interpretations of
 the Spanish-American-Cuban-Filipino War". The History Teacher. 29 (3): 341–361.
 doi:
 10.2307/494551 (https://doi.org/10.2307%2F494551). 
JSTOR 
494551 (https://www.jstor.
 org/stable/494551).
 165. Harrington, Fred H. (1935). "The Anti-Imperialist Movement in the United States, 1898
1900". The Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 22 (2): 211–230. 
s://doi.org/10.2307%2F1898467). 
doi:
 10.2307/1898467 (http
 JSTOR 
1898467 (https://www.jstor.org/stable/1898467).
 166. 
Stanley, pp. 269–272.
 167. 
Jensen et al.
 168. 
"Suffragists Parade Down Fifth Avenue – 1917" (https://web.archive.org/web/201501062229
 25/http://www.nytstore.com/Suffragists-Parade-Down-Fifth-Avenue--1917_p_5258.html).
 The New York Times. 1917. Archived from 
the original (http://www.nytstore.com/Suffragists
Parade-Down-Fifth-Avenue--1917_p_5258.html) on January 6, 2015. Retrieved August 17,
 2017.
 169. 
Riley 2001, p. ?.
 170. 
Kraditor, Aileen S. (1967). The Ideas of the Woman Suffrage Movement: 1890–1920.
 171. Adams, Katherine H.; Keene, Michael L. (2007). Alice Paul and the American Suffrage
 Campaign.
 172. Frost-Knappman, Elizabeth; Cullen-Dupont, Kathryn (2004). Women's Suffrage in America.
 173. Dumenil, Lynn (1995). 
The Modern Temper: American Culture and Society in the 1920s (htt
 ps://archive.org/details/moderntemperamer00dume). Macmillan. pp. 
etails/moderntemperamer00dume/page/98)–144. 
98 (https://archive.org/d
 ISBN 
9780809069781.
 174. 
Andersen, Kristi (1996). 
After Suffrage: Women in Partisan and Electoral Politics before the
 New Deal (https://archive.org/details/aftersuffragewom00ande). University of Chicago.
 ISBN 
9780226019574.
 175. McNabb, James B. (2005). 
"Germany's Decision for Unrestricted Submarine Warfare and Its
 Impact on the U.S. Declaration of War" (https://books.google.com/books?id=2YqjfHLyyj8C&
 pg=PA482). In Roberts, Priscilla Mary; Tucker, Spencer (eds.). World War I: Encyclopedia.
 ABC-CLIO. pp. 482–483. 
ISBN 
9781851094202. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/201
 51007155500/https://books.google.com/books?id=2YqjfHLyyj8C&pg=PA482) from the
 original on October 7, 2015. Retrieved June 27, 2015.
 176. 
Coffman.
177. "American Political Prisoners: Prosecutions under the Espionage and Sedition Acts. By
 Stephen M. Kohn. (Westport: Praeger, 1994. xviii, ISBN 0-275-94415-8.)". Journal of
 American History. 82 (4): 1688. March 1, 1996. 
doi:
 10.1093/jahist/82.4.1688-a (https://doi.or
 g/10.1093%2Fjahist%2F82.4.1688-a). 
ISSN 
0021-8723 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/00
 21-8723).
 178. 
Cooper.
 179. 
"Feature: World War I and isolationism, 1913–33" (https://web.archive.org/web/2009010211
 3850/http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m1584/is_n17_v2/ai_11173912). U.S. Department
 of State. April 29, 1991. Archived from 
the original (http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m158
 4/is_n17_v2/ai_11173912) on January 2, 2009.
 180. Carlisle, Rodney P. (2009). 
Handbook to Life in America (https://books.google.com/books?id
 =dYwn0je9MfYC&pg=PT245). Infobase Publishing. p. 245ff. 
ISBN 
9781438119014.
 Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20151016105918/https://books.google.com/books?id
 =dYwn0je9MfYC&pg=PT245) from the original on October 16, 2015. Retrieved June 27,
 2015.
 181. 
"History of 1918 Flu Pandemic" (https://www.cdc.gov/flu/pandemic-resources/1918-comme
 moration/1918-pandemic-history.htm). CDC. January 22, 2019.
 182. 
"Influenza pandemic of 1918–19 - Cause, Origin, & Spread" (https://www.britannica.com/eve
 nt/influenza-pandemic-of-1918-1919). Britannica.com. April 15, 2024. Retrieved June 9,
 2024.
 183. 
"Roaring Twenties - Definition, Music, History, & Facts" (https://www.britannica.com/topic/Ro
 aring-Twenties). Britannica.com. Retrieved June 9, 2024.
 184. 
"Prohibition - Definition, History, Eighteenth Amendment, & Repeal" (https://www.britannica.c
 om/event/Prohibition-United-States-history-1920-1933). Britannica.com. April 10, 2024.
 Retrieved June 9, 2024.
 185. 
Kennedy, Freedom from Fear.
 186. 
Shlaes 2008, pp. 85, 90
 187. 
Kennedy, David M. (Summer 2009). "What the New Deal Did". Political Science Quarterly.
 124 (2): 251–268. 
doi:
 10.1002/j.1538-165X.2009.tb00648.x (https://doi.org/10.1002%2Fj.15
 38-165X.2009.tb00648.x).
 188. 
Black, Conrad (2003). 
Roosevelt: Champion of Freedom (https://archive.org/details/franklind
 elanoro00blac). Public Affairs. pp. 
648 (https://archive.org/details/franklindelanoro00blac/pa
 ge/648)–682. 
ISBN 
9781586481841.
 189. Prange, Gordon W.; Goldstein, Donald M.; Dillon, Katherine V. (1982). 
At Dawn We Slept:
 The Untold Story of Pearl Harbor (https://archive.org/details/atdawnwesleptun00pran).
 McGraw-Hill. 
ISBN 
9780070506695.
 190. 
"Short History of Amache Japanese Internment Camp" (https://web.archive.org/web/201904
 12042223/https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/sites/default/files/Short%20History%20of%20Am
 ache%20Japanese%20Internment%20Camp_0.pdf) (PDF). Archived from 
the original (http
 s://www.colorado.gov/pacific/sites/default/files/Short%20History%20of%20Amache%20Japa
 nese%20Internment%20Camp_0.pdf) (PDF) on April 12, 2019. Retrieved October 9, 2018.
 191. 
Ogawa and Fox, p. 135.
 192. Richey, Warren (December 5, 2007). 
"Key Guantánamo cases hit Supreme Court" (https://w
 ww.csmonitor.com/2007/1205/p01s02-usju.html?page=2). 
The Christian Science Monitor.
 Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20180627034530/https://www.csmonitor.com/2007/12
 05/p01s02-usju.html?page=2) from the original on June 27, 2018.
 193. 
"World War II 1939–1945" (https://www.britannica.com/event/World-War-II). Encyclopedia
 Britannica. Retrieved June 7, 2024.
 194. 
Hoopes, Townsend; 
Brinkley, Douglas (1997). 
FDR and the Creation of the U.N. (https://arch
 ive.org/details/fdrcreationofun00hoop). Yale University Press. p. 100. 
08553-2.
 ISBN 
978-0-300
195. 
Gaddis, John Lewis (1972). 
The United States and the Origins of the Cold War, 1941–1947
 (https://archive.org/details/unitedstatesorig0000gadd). Columbia University Press. p. 25.
 ISBN 
978-0-231-12239-9.
 196. Vatter, Harold G. (1988). The U.S. Economy in World War II. pp. 27–31.
 197. 
Kennedy, Freedom from Fear, pp. 615–668.
 198. 
"Normandy Invasion World War II" (https://www.britannica.com/event/Normandy-Invasion).
 Encyclopedia Britannica. Retrieved June 7, 2024.
 199. 
"Franklin D. Roosevelt - Accomplishments, New Deal, Great Depression, World War II, &
 Death" (https://www.britannica.com/biography/Franklin-D-Roosevelt). Britannica.com. May
 23, 2024. Retrieved June 12, 2024.
 200. 
"The Largest Naval Battles in Military History: A Closer Look at the Largest and Most
 Influential Naval Battles in World History" (https://web.archive.org/web/20150124033426/htt
 p://militaryhistory.norwich.edu/largest-naval-sea-battles-in-military-history/). Military History.
 Norwich University. Archived from 
the original (https://militaryhistory.norwich.edu/largest-nav
 al-sea-battles-in-military-history) on January 24, 2015. Retrieved March 7, 2015.
 201. 
Philippine Republic Day (https://web.archive.org/web/20210729160345/https://www.officialg
 azette.gov.ph/republic-day/), 
Official Gazette (Philippines), archived from 
the original (https://
 www.officialgazette.gov.ph/republic-day/) on July 29, 2021, retrieved July 5, 2012
 202. Rhodes, Richard (1995). The Making of the Atomic Bomb.
 203. 
"Ralph Smith's eyewitness account of the Trinity trip to watch blast" (https://web.archive.org/
 web/20140904084107/http://www.wsmr.army.mil/PAO/Trinity/Pages/RalphSmithseyewitness
 accountoftheTrinitytriptowatchblast.aspx). White Sands Missile Range, Public Affairs Office.
 Archived from 
the original (http://www.wsmr.army.mil/PAO/Trinity/Pages/RalphSmithseyewit
 nessaccountoftheTrinitytriptowatchblast.aspx) on September 4, 2014. Retrieved August 24,
 2014.
 204. 
Spector, Ronald H. (1985). "12–18". 
Eagle Against the Sun (https://archive.org/details/eagle
 againstsuna0000spec). Vintage Books. 
ISBN 
9780394741017.
 205. Giangreco, D. M. (2009). Hell to Pay: Operation DOWNFALL and the Invasion of Japan,
 1945–1947.
 206. Finn, Richard B. (1992). 
Winners in Peace: MacArthur, Yoshida, and Postwar Japan (https://
 archive.org/details/winnerspeacemaca00finn). University of California Press. pp. 
archive.org/details/winnerspeacemaca00finn/page/n64)–103. 
43 (https://
 ISBN 
9780520069091.
 207. Leland, Anne; Oboroceanu, Mari–Jana (February 26, 2010). 
"American War and Military
 Operations Casualties: Lists and Statistics" (https://fas.org/sgp/crs/natsec/RL32492.pdf)
 (PDF). Congressional Research Service. p. 2. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/201812
 09111557/https://fas.org/sgp/crs/natsec/RL32492.pdf) (PDF) from the original on December
 9, 2018. Retrieved February 18, 2011.
 208. 
Gaddis, Long Peace.
 209. Getchell, Michelle (October 26, 2017). 
"The United Nations and the United States" (https://o
 xfordre.com/americanhistory/view/10.1093/acrefore/9780199329175.001.0001/acrefore-978
 0199329175-e-497). Oxford Research Encyclopedia of American History.
 doi:
 10.1093/acrefore/9780199329175.013.497 (https://doi.org/10.1093%2Facrefore%2F978
 0199329175.013.497). 
ISBN 
978-0-19-932917-5. Retrieved September 24, 2022.
 210. 
Gaddis, Origins of the Cold War.
 211. 
"Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) | History, Organization, Responsibilities, Activities, &
 Criticism | Britannica" (https://www.britannica.com/topic/Central-Intelligence-Agency).
 britannica.com. July 19, 2024. Retrieved July 21, 2024.
 212. Blakeley, Ruth (2009). 
State Terrorism and Neoliberalism: The North in the South (https://w
 ww.routledge.com/State-Terrorism-and-Neoliberalism-The-North-in-the-South/Blakeley/p/bo
 ok/9780415686174). 
Routledge. pp. 
85-96 (https://books.google.com/books?id=rft8AgAAQB
 AJ&lpg=PA92&pg=PA85#v=onepage&q&f=false). 
ISBN 
978-0415686174.
213. 
"What was the Cold War—and are we headed to another one?" (https://www.nationalgeogra
 phic.com/culture/article/cold-war). Culture. March 23, 2022. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 214. 
Gaddis, Cold War.
 215. 
"McCarthyism - Definition, History, & Facts" (https://www.britannica.com/event/McCarthyis
 m). Britannica.com. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 216. Haynes, Suyin; Aneja, Arpita (December 22, 2020). 
"The Anti-Gay 'Lavender Scare' Is
 Rarely Taught in Schools" (https://time.com/5922679/lavender-scare-history/). TIME.
 Retrieved August 14, 2024.
 217. Hitchcock, William I. (2018). 
The Age of Eisenhower: America and the World in the 1950s (h
 ttps://books.google.com/books?id=MImCDwAAQBAJ&pg=PP16). Simon and Schuster.
 pp. xvi–xix. 
ISBN 
9781451698428.
 218. Hitchcock, William I. (2018). 
The Age of Eisenhower (https://books.google.com/books?id=MI
 mCDwAAQBAJ&pg=PA109). Simon & Schuster. p. 109. 
ISBN 
9781451698428.
 219. The Unfinished Journey: America Since World War II by William H. Chafe
 220. 
"Baby boomer - Definition, Age Range, & Societal and Economic Impact" (https://www.britan
 nica.com/topic/baby-boomers). Britannica.com. May 27, 2024. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 221. Peters, Frederick (August 14, 2019). 
"The Rise And Fall Of The Suburbs" (https://www.forbe
 s.com/sites/fredpeters/2019/08/14/the-rise-and-fall-of-the-suburbs/). Forbes. Retrieved
 June 7, 2024.
 222. 
"American civil rights movement - Montgomery Bus Boycott, Nonviolent Resistance, Voting
 Rights Act" (https://www.britannica.com/event/American-civil-rights-movement/Montgomery
bus-boycott-to-the-Voting-Rights-Act). Britannica.com. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 223. 
Patterson, Grand Expectations.
 224. O'Brien, Michael (2005). John F. Kennedy: A Biography.
 225. Schneider, Gregory (2009). "5". 
The Conservative Century: From Reaction to Revolution (htt
 ps://archive.org/details/conservativecent0000schn). Rowman & Littlefield.
 226. Alterman, Eric; Mattson, Kevin (2012). 
The Cause: The Fight for American Liberalism from
 Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama (https://archive.org/details/causefightforame00alte_0).
 Viking. 
ISBN 
9780670023431.
 227. 
Dallek, Robert (2004). Lyndon B. Johnson: Portrait of a President.
 228. Bernstein, Irving (1994). Guns or Butter: The Presidency of Lyndon Johnson.
 229. Dierenfield, Bruce J. (2004). 
The Civil Rights Movement (https://archive.org/details/civilrights
 movem0000dier). Pearson Longman. 
ISBN 
9780582357372.
 230. Jacobs, Elizabeth (2006). 
Mexican American Literature: The Politics of Identity (https://book
 s.google.com/books?id=0nLwAihlibcC&pg=PA13). Routledge. p. 13. 
ISBN 
9781134218233.
 Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20150320203824/http://books.google.com/books?id=
 0nLwAihlibcC&pg=PA13) from the original on March 20, 2015. Retrieved June 27, 2015.
 231. Chapman, Roger (2009). Culture Wars: An Encyclopedia of Issues, Voices, and Viewpoints.
 232. Joseph, Peniel E. (2001). "Black Liberation without Apology: Reconceptualizing the Black
 Power Movement". The Black Scholar. 31 (3–4): 2–19.
 doi:
 10.1080/00064246.2001.11431152 (https://doi.org/10.1080%2F00064246.2001.114311
 52). 
S2CID 
142923969 (https://api.semanticscholar.org/CorpusID:142923969).
 233. 
"The Riots of the Long, Hot Summer" (https://www.britannica.com/story/the-riots-of-the-long
hot-summer). Britannica.com. Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 234. Lupo, Lindsey (2010). 
Flak-Catchers: One Hundred Years of Riot Commission Politics in
 America (https://books.google.com/books?id=pmeKBTPzj3gC&pg=PA123). Lexington
 Books. pp. 123–124. 
ISBN 
9780739138120. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/2015101
 6105918/https://books.google.com/books?id=pmeKBTPzj3gC&pg=PA123) from the original
 on October 16, 2015. Retrieved June 27, 2015.
235. 
"How the Stonewall uprising ignited the pride movement" (https://www.nationalgeographic.c
 om/history/article/stonewall-uprising-ignited-modern-lgbtq-rights-movement). History. June
 1, 2023. Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 236. 
Zophy.
 237. Critchlow, Donald T. (2005). 
Phyllis Schlafly and Grassroots Conservatism: A Woman's
 Crusade (https://archive.org/details/phyllis_cri_2005_00_7649).
 238. Mansbridge, Jane J. (1986). 
Why We Lost the ERA (https://archive.org/details/whywelostera
 0000mans). University of Chicago Press. 
ISBN 
9780226503585.
 239. 
John Greene.
 240. Rothman, Lily (March 22, 2017). 
"Here's Why the Environmental Protection Agency Was
 Created" (https://time.com/4696104/environmental-protection-agency-1970-history/). TIME.
 Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 241. 
"Pardoning Nixon" (https://education.nationalgeographic.org/resource/pardoning-nixon).
 education.nationalgeographic.org. Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 242. Tremlett, Giles (September 3, 2020). 
"Operation Condor: the cold war conspiracy that
 terrorised South America" (https://www.theguardian.com/news/2020/sep/03/operation-condo
 r-the-illegal-state-network-that-terrorised-south-america). The Guardian. Retrieved
 November 25, 2023.
 ISBN 
243. Good, Aaron (2022). American Exception. New York: Skyhorse Publishing. pp. 231–232,
 237. 
978-1510769137.
 244. 
Bevins, Vincent (2020). 
The Jakarta Method: Washington's Anticommunist Crusade and the
 Mass Murder Program that Shaped Our World. 
PublicAffairs. pp. 200–206. 
ISBN 
978-1
5417-4240-6.
 245. Derthick, Martha (1985). 
The Politics of Deregulation (https://archive.org/details/politicsofder
 egu00dert).
 246. 
"Computer - Home Use, Microprocessors, Software" (https://www.britannica.com/technolog
 y/computer/The-personal-computer-revolution). Britannica.com. Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 247. 
"People & Events: The Election of 1976" (https://web.archive.org/web/20090519045846/htt
 p://www.pbs.org/wgbh/amex/carter/peopleevents/e_1976.html). American Experience. PBS.
 Archived from 
the original (https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/amex/carter/peopleevents/e_1976.htm
 l) on May 19, 2009. Retrieved January 31, 2010.
 248. Urofsky, Melvin I. (2000). 
The American Presidents (https://books.google.com/books?id=DB
 a6WQ5XCowC&pg=PA545). Taylor & Francis. p. 545. 
ISBN 
978-0-8153-2184-2. 
Archived (h
 ttps://web.archive.org/web/20151016105918/https://books.google.com/books?id=DBa6WQ5
 XCowC&pg=PA545) from the original on October 16, 2015. Retrieved June 27, 2015.
 249. Caplow, Theodore; Bahr, Howard M.; Chadwick, Bruce A.; John Modell (1994). 
Recent
 Social Trends in the United States, 1960–1990 (https://books.google.com/books?id=gwBvm
 8aF2bsC&pg=PA337). McGill-Queen's Press. p. 337. 
ISBN 
9780773512122. 
Archived (http
 s://web.archive.org/web/20160102091400/https://books.google.com/books?id=gwBvm8aF2
 bsC&pg=PA337) from the original on January 2, 2016. Retrieved October 27, 2015.
 250. 
"Effective Federal Tax Rates: 1979–2001" (http://www.cbo.gov/ftpdoc.cfm?index=5324&type
 =0&sequence=0). Bureau of Economic Analysis. July 10, 2007. 
Archived (https://archive.tod
 ay/20070509233656/http://www.cbo.gov/ftpdoc.cfm?index=5324&type=0&sequence=0)
 from the original on May 9, 2007. Retrieved April 2, 2012.
 251. 
Gerstle, Gary (2022). 
The Rise and Fall of the Neoliberal Order: America and the World in
 the Free Market Era (https://global.oup.com/academic/product/the-rise-and-fall-of-the-neolib
 eral-order-9780197519646?cc=us&lang=en&). 
Oxford University Press. pp. 121–128.
 ISBN 
978-0197519646.
 252. Bartel, Fritz (2022). 
The Triumph of Broken Promises: The End of the Cold War and the
 Rise of Neoliberalism (https://www.hup.harvard.edu/catalog.php?isbn=9780674976788).
 Harvard University Press. pp. 18–19. 
ISBN 
9780674976788.
253. 
Wilentz, pp. 140–141.
 254. 
"The United States Unemployment Rate" (https://web.archive.org/web/20080920034354/htt
 p://www.miseryindex.us/urbymonth.asp). Miseryindex.us. November 8, 2008. Archived from
 the original (http://www.miseryindex.us/urbymonth.asp) on September 20, 2008. Retrieved
 January 31, 2010.
 255. 
Wilentz, p. 170.
 256. 
Mitchell, Don (2020). 
Mean Streets: Homelessness, Public Space, and the Limits of Capital
 (https://ugapress.org/book/9780820356907/mean-streets/). 
p. 62. 
ISBN 
9-780-8203-5690-7.
 257. 
University of Georgia Press.
 Patterson, James T. (2005). 
Restless Giant: The United States from Watergate to Bush V.
 Gore (https://books.google.com/books?id=03s7DwAAQBAJ). 
Oxford University Press.
 pp. 166–167. 
ISBN 
978-0-19-512216-9.
 258. 
"War on Drugs - History & Mass Incarceration" (https://www.britannica.com/topic/war-on-dru
 gs). Britannica.com. May 27, 2024. Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 259. 
"50-year war on drugs imprisoned millions of Black Americans" (https://www.pbs.org/newsho
 ur/nation/50-year-war-on-drugs-imprisoned-millions-of-black-americans). PBS NewsHour.
 July 26, 2021. Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 260. 
"Crack epidemic - US History, Causes & Effects" (https://www.britannica.com/topic/crack-epi
 demic). Britannica.com. April 16, 2024. Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 261. Lopez, German (December 1, 2015). 
"The Reagan administration's unbelievable response
 to the HIV/AIDS epidemic" (https://www.vox.com/2015/12/1/9828348/ronald-reagan-hiv-aid
 s). Vox. Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 262. Lawson, Richard (December 1, 2015). 
"The Reagan Administration's Unearthed Response
 to the AIDS Crisis Is Chilling" (https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2015/11/reagan-administratio
 n-response-to-aids-crisis). Vanity Fair. Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 263. 
Zelizer, Julian E. (2010). 
Arsenal of Democracy: The Politics of National Security—From
 World War II to the War on Terrorism (https://books.google.com/books?id=r_gH5s4B2SEC&
 pg=PA350). Basic Books. p. 350. 
ISBN 
9780465015078. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/w
 eb/20151016105918/https://books.google.com/books?id=r_gH5s4B2SEC&pg=PA350) from
 the original on October 16, 2015. Retrieved June 27, 2015.
 264. Ehrman, John; Flamm, Michael W. (2009). 
Debating the Reagan Presidency (https://books.g
 oogle.com/books?id=CNtNj1oJnXEC). Rowman & Littlefield. pp. 101–182.
 ISBN 
9780742570573. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20151016105918/https://book
 s.google.com/books?id=CNtNj1oJnXEC) from the original on October 16, 2015. Retrieved
 June 27, 2015.
 265. 
"Cold War - Summary, Causes, History, Years, Timeline, & Facts" (https://www.britannica.co
 m/event/Cold-War). Britannica.com. May 30, 2024. Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 266. 
Wilentz, pp. 400–401.
 267. 
"Somalia intervention | UN Peacekeeping, US Military & Humanitarian Aid | Britannica" (http
 s://www.britannica.com/event/Somalia-intervention). britannica.com. Retrieved July 21,
 2024.
 268. 
"Operation Just Cause | Summary, Panama, Casualties, & Rock Music | Britannica" (https://
 www.britannica.com/topic/United-States-invasion-of-Panama). britannica.com. Retrieved
 July 21, 2024.
 269. 
"Decision to Intervene: How the War in Bosnia Ended" (https://www.brookings.edu/articles/d
 ecision-to-intervene-how-the-war-in-bosnia-ended/). Brookings. Retrieved July 21, 2024.
 270. 
"Los Angeles Riots of 1992 | Summary, Deaths, & Facts | Britannica" (https://www.britannic
 a.com/event/Los-Angeles-Riots-of-1992). britannica.com. June 24, 2024. Retrieved July 21,
 2024.
 271. 
Wilentz, p. 400.
272. Salus, Peter H. (1995). Casting the net : from ARPANET to Internet and beyond. Addison
Wesley Pub. Co. 
ISBN 
0-201-87674-4. 
OCLC 
31754973 (https://search.worldcat.org/oclc/31
 754973).
 273. Bunyan, Rachael (September 20, 2019). 
"25 Years After 'Operation Uphold Democracy,'
 Experts Say the Oft-Forgotten U.S. Military Intervention Still Shapes Life in Haiti" (https://tim
 e.com/5682135/haiti-military-anniversary/). TIME. Retrieved July 21, 2024.
 274. 
"Kosovo conflict | Summary & Facts | Britannica" (https://www.britannica.com/event/Kosovo
conflict). britannica.com. Retrieved July 21, 2024.
 275. Glass, Andrew (November 8, 2007). 
"Congress runs into 'Republican Revolution' Nov. 8,
 1994" (https://www.politico.com/story/2007/11/congress-runs-into-republican-revolution-nov
8-1994-006757). Politico. Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 276. 
"Completing the Revolution" (https://archive.nytimes.com/www.nytimes.com/books/first/n/no
 vak-revolution.html?scp=3&sq=America%2527s%2520Political%2520Parties:%2520Powe
 r%2520and%2520Principle&st=Search). archive.nytimes.com. Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 277. 
"How Newt Gingrich Shaped The Republican Party" (https://www.wbur.org/hereandnow/202
 0/07/07/newt-gingrich-republican-party). wbur.org. July 7, 2020. Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 278. Zelizer, Julian E. (July 7, 2020). 
"How Newt Gingrich Laid the Groundwork for Trump's
 Republican Party" (https://time.com/5863457/how-newt-gingrich-laid-the-groundwork-for-tru
 mps-republican-party/). TIME. Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 279. DeVroy, Ann. 
"Clinton's Move to Center hasn't Spurred Ratings" (https://www.washingtonpos
 t.com/archive/politics/1995/07/11/clintons-move-to-center-hasnt-spurred-ratings/323e0e45-c
 8f3-4022-8737-e33dbca78f86/). The Washington Post. 
Archived (https://archive.today/2024
 0602043111/https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/1995/07/11/clintons-move-to
center-hasnt-spurred-ratings/323e0e45-c8f3-4022-8737-e33dbca78f86/) from the original on
 June 2, 2024. Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 280. 
"United States presidential election of 1996 - Clinton vs. Dole, History, & Facts" (https://ww
 w.britannica.com/event/United-States-presidential-election-of-1996). Britannica.com. May
 31, 2024. Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 281. 
"Dot-com bubble - Definition, History, & Facts" (https://www.britannica.com/event/dot-com-b
 ubble). Britannica.com. Retrieved July 6, 2024.
 282. Geier, Ben (March 12, 2015). 
"What Did We Learn From the Dotcom Stock Bubble of
 2000?" (https://time.com/3741681/2000-dotcom-stock-bust/). TIME. Retrieved July 6, 2024.
 283. 
Wilentz, pp. 420–427.
 284. 
"Election and voting information" (https://www.fec.gov/introduction-campaign-finance/electio
 n-and-voting-information/). FEC.gov. Retrieved September 24, 2022.
 285. 
"Deadliest terrorist attacks worldwide from 1970 to January 2024" (https://www.statista.com/
 statistics/1330395/deadliest-terrorist-attacks-worldwide-fatalities/), Statista, February 19,
 2025
 286. 
"September 11 attacks - History, Summary, Location, Timeline, Casualties, & Facts" (https://
 www.britannica.com/event/September-11-attacks). Britannica.com. May 20, 2024. Retrieved
 June 2, 2024.
 287. 
"How many people were killed in the September 11 attacks?" (https://www.britannica.com/q
 uestion/How-many-people-were-killed-in-the-September-11-attacks). Britannica.com.
 Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 288. 
Sanger, David E. (2012). "1–5". 
Confront and Conceal: Obama's Secret Wars and
 Surprising Use of American Power (https://archive.org/details/confrontconcealo00sang).
 Crown Publishers. 
ISBN 
9780307718020.
 289. 
"Bin Laden's Tora Bora escape, just months after 9/11" (https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-14190032). BBC News. July 21, 2011. Retrieved June 12, 2024.
 290. 
Zelizer, Julian E., ed. (2010). The Presidency of George W. Bush: A First Historical
 Assessment. pp. 59–87.
291. 
"Report Details Alleged Abuse of Guantanamo Bay, Abu Ghraib Detainees" (https://www.pb
 s.org/newshour/nation/military-jan-june08-detainees_06-18). PBS NewsHour. June 18,
 2008. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20141006082219/http://www.pbs.org/newshou
 r/updates/military-jan-june08-detainees_06-18) from the original on October 6, 2014.
 Retrieved October 1, 2014.
 292. 
"What We Do: Guantanamo" (https://ccrjustice.org/home/what-we-do/issues/guantanamo).
 Center for Constitutional Rights. Retrieved May 28, 2020. "Since the prison opened in 2002,
 CCR has been at the forefront of the legal battle against indefinite detention and torture at
 Guantánamo, representing many current and former detainees."
 293. 
"US: Prolonged Indefinite Detention Violates International Law: Current Detention Practices
 at Guantanamo Unjustified and Arbitrary" (https://www.hrw.org/news/2011/01/24/us-prolong
 ed-indefinite-detention-violates-international-law). Human Rights Watch. January 24, 2011.
 294. 
"CIA's final report: No WMD found in Iraq" (https://www.nbcnews.com/id/wbna7634313).
 NBC News. Associated Press. April 25, 2005. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/201303
 05122359/http://www.nbcnews.com/id/7634313) from the original on March 5, 2013.
 Retrieved April 22, 2008.
 295. 
Zelizer, Julian, ed. (2010). The Presidency of George W. Bush: A First Historical
 Assessment. pp. 88–113.
 296. Clifton, Eli (November 7, 2011). 
"Poll: 62 Percent Say Iraq War Wasn't Worth Fighting" (http
 s://web.archive.org/web/20160305110015/http://thinkprogress.org/security/2011/11/07/3627
 34/poll-62-percent-say-iraq-war-wasnt-worth-fighting). ThinkProgress. Archived from 
the
 original (http://thinkprogress.org/security/2011/11/07/362734/poll-62-percent-say-iraq-war-w
 asnt-worth-fighting) on March 5, 2016. Retrieved February 24, 2012.
 297. Milbank, Dana; Deane, Claudia (June 8, 2005). 
"Poll Finds Dimmer View of Iraq War" (http
 s://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/06/07/AR2005060700296.html).
 The Washington Post. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20110221202536/http://www.w
 ashingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/06/07/AR2005060700296.html) from the
 original on February 21, 2011. Retrieved October 10, 2010.
 298. 
"Hurricane Katrina - Deaths, Damage, & Facts" (https://www.britannica.com/event/Hurricane-Katrina). Britannica.com. June 3, 2024. Retrieved June 12, 2024.
 299. 
Wilentz, p. 453.
 300. Payne, Thomas (2012). The Great Recession: What Happened.
 301. Rosenberg, Jerry M. (2012). 
The Concise Encyclopedia of The Great Recession 2007–2012
 (https://books.google.com/books?id=8YSYIHuSX2oC) (2nd ed.). Scarecrow Press.
 ISBN 
9780810883406. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20150320012939/http://books.
 google.com/books?id=8YSYIHuSX2oC) from the original on March 20, 2015. Retrieved
 June 27, 2015.
 302. Kolb, Robert W. (2011). 
The Financial Crisis of Our Time (https://books.google.com/books?i
 d=k15gTwOtMcwC&pg=PA96). 
Oxford University Press. p. 96ff. 
ISBN 
9780199792788.
 Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20151016105918/https://books.google.com/books?id
 =k15gTwOtMcwC&pg=PA96) from the original on October 16, 2015. Retrieved June 27,
 2015.
 303. Riley, Charles (February 3, 2011). 
"Treasury close to profit on TARP bank loans" (https://mo
 ney.cnn.com/2011/02/02/news/economy/tarp/index.htm). CNN Money. 
Archived (https://we
 b.archive.org/web/20110309105159/http://money.cnn.com/2011/02/02/news/economy/tarp/i
 ndex.htm) from the original on March 9, 2011. Retrieved March 1, 2011.
 304. 
" 'I'd Approve TARP Again': George W. Bush" (https://www.cnbc.com/2010/11/05/id-approve
tarp-again-george-w-bush.html). November 5, 2010. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/2
 0151016105918/https://www.cnbc.com/id/40028600/I_d_Approve_TARP_Again_George_W
 _Bush) from the original on October 16, 2015.
 305. 
"Barack Obama: Face Of New Multiracial Movement?" (https://www.npr.org/templates/story/
 story.php?storyId=96916824). NPR. November 12, 2008. Retrieved October 4, 2014.
306. Crotty, William (2009). "Policy and Politics: The Bush Administration and the 2008
 Presidential Election". Polity. 41 (3): 282–311. 
doi:
 10.1057/pol.2009.3 (https://doi.org/10.105
 7%2Fpol.2009.3). 
S2CID 
154471046 (https://api.semanticscholar.org/CorpusID:15447104
 6).
 307. 
"Don't Ask, Don't Tell (DADT)" (https://www.britannica.com/event/Dont-Ask-Dont-Tell).
 Britannica.com. June 29, 2024. Retrieved July 6, 2024.
 308. Bernstein, Jared (February 18, 2019). 
"Lessons from the Recovery Act on its 10-year
 anniversary" (https://www.washingtonpost.com/outlook/2019/02/18/lessons-recovery-act-its
year-anniversary/). The Washington Post. Retrieved July 6, 2024.
 309. 
"Economic Analysis of the Car Allowance Rebate System ("Cash for clunkers")" (https://oba
 mawhitehouse.archives.gov/node/5397). The White House. Retrieved July 6, 2024.
 310. Buttle, Rhett. 
"14 Years Of The Affordable Care Act: What It Means For Entrepreneurs" (http
 s://www.forbes.com/sites/rhettbuttle/2024/03/22/14-years-of-the-affordable-care-act-what-it
means-for-entrepreneurs/). Forbes. Retrieved July 6, 2024.
 311. Appelbaum, Binyamin; Herszenhorn, David M. (July 15, 2010). 
"Financial Overhaul Signals
 Shift on Deregulation" (https://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/16/business/16regulate.html). The
 New York Times. 
ISSN 
0362-4331 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/0362-4331). Retrieved
 July 6, 2024.
 312. Cooper, Helene (July 21, 2010). 
"Obama Signs Overhaul of Financial System" (https://www.
 nytimes.com/2010/07/22/business/22regulate.html). The New York Times. 
ISSN 
0362-4331
 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/0362-4331). Retrieved July 6, 2024.
 313. 
"Great Recession, great recovery? Trends from the Current Population Survey" (https://ww
 w.bls.gov/opub/mlr/2018/article/great-recession-great-recovery.htm). Monthly Labor Review.
 Bureau of Labor Statistics. April 2018.
 314. 
"Occupy Wall Street, Tea Party: United In Distrust" (https://www.npr.org/2011/10/22/1416196
 72/finding-common-ground-between-two-movements). NPR. October 22, 2011. Retrieved
 July 6, 2024.
 315. Kaiser, Emily (September 20, 2010). 
"Recession ended in June 2009: NBER" (https://www.r
 euters.com/article/idUSTRE68J2JJ20100920). Reuters. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/w
 eb/20101219121957/http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE68J2JJ20100920) from the
 original on December 19, 2010. Retrieved July 1, 2017.
 316. 
"Congress Ends 2011 Mired in Gridlock" (https://www.investorplace.com/2011/12/congress
ends-2011-mired-in-gridlock). InvestorPlace. December 22, 2011. 
Archived (https://web.arch
 ive.org/web/20120104040658/http://www.investorplace.com/2011/12/congress-ends-2011
mired-in-gridlock) from the original on January 4, 2012. Retrieved February 24, 2012.
 317. Khimm, Suzy (September 14, 2012). 
"The sequester, explained" (https://www.washingtonpo
 st.com/news/wonk/wp/2012/09/14/the-sequester-explained/). The Washington Post.
 Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 318. Rushe, Dominic (April 29, 2020). 
"US economy shrinks 4.8% as coronavirus ends longest
 expansion in history" (https://www.theguardian.com/business/2020/apr/29/us-economy-shrin
 ks-coronavirus-ends-longest-expansion). The Guardian.
 319. Bayly, Lucy (April 29, 2020). 
"GDP falls by 4.8 percent, bringing longest economic
 expansion on record to abrupt halt" (https://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/gdp-falls-4-8-percent-bringing-longest-economic-expansion-record-n1195106). NBC News.
 320. Long, Heather (May 3, 2019). 
"U.S. unemployment fell to 3.6 percent, lowest since 1969" (ht
 tps://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2019/05/03/us-economy-added-jobs-april-unemplo
 yment-fell-percent-lowest-since). 
The Washington Post.
 321. Lowrey, Annie (February 7, 2020). 
"The Great Affordability Crisis Breaking America" (https://
 www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/02/great-affordability-crisis-breaking-america/6060
 46). The Atlantic.
322. Simon, Scott (February 15, 2020). 
"The U.S. Is In The Midst Of An Affordability Crisis,
 'Atlantic' Writer Argues" (https://www.npr.org/2020/02/15/806282714/the-u-s-is-in-the-midst
of-an-affordability-crisis-atlantic-writer-argues). Weekend Edition Saturday NPR.
 323. Baker, Peter (December 11, 2014). 
"Obama Catches Blame on Tactics of Torture That He
 Ended" (https://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/11/us/politics/obama-effectiveness-cia-torture.ht
 ml). 
The New York Times.
 324. Barela, Steven J. (February 12, 2016). 
"The New US Anti-Torture Law: A Genuine Step
 Forward" (https://www.justsecurity.org/29273/anti-torture-law-genuine-step). Just Security.
 325. Shane, Scott (January 22, 2009). 
"Obama Orders Secret Prisons and Detention Camps
 Closed" (https://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/11/us/politics/obama-effectiveness-cia-torture.ht
 ml). 
The New York Times.
 326. Savage, Charlie (January 25, 2017). 
"Trump Poised to Lift Ban on C.I.A. 'Black Site'
 Prisons" (https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/25/us/politics/cia-detainee-prisons.html). 
The
 New York Times.
 327. Rath, Arun (January 19, 2017). 
"Trump Inherits Guantanamo's Remaining Detainees" (http
 s://www.npr.org/2017/01/19/510448989/trump-inherits-guantanamos-remaining-detainees).
 Morning Edition.
 328. 
"Why Obama failed to close Guantanamo" (https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/obama-faile
 d-close-guantanamo). NewsHour. PBS. January 14, 2017.
 329. 
" 'The war is over': Last US soldiers leave Iraq" (https://web.archive.org/web/201603010447
 17/http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2011/12/18/9528197-the-war-is-over-last-us-soldi
 ers-leave-iraq?lite). NBC News. December 18, 2011. Archived from 
the original (http://world
 news.nbcnews.com/_news/2011/12/18/9528197-the-war-is-over-last-us-soldiers-leave-iraq?
 lite) on March 1, 2016.
 330. Dyke, Joe (May 16, 2024). 
"NATO Killed Civilians in Libya. It's Time to Admit It" (https://forei
 gnpolicy.com/2021/03/20/nato-killed-civilians-in-libya-its-time-to-admit-it/). Foreign Policy.
 Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 331. Baker, Peter; Cooper, Helene; Mazzetti, Mark (May 1, 2011). 
"Bin Laden Is Dead, Obama
 Says" (https://www.nytimes.com/2011/05/02/world/asia/osama-bin-laden-is-killed.html). The
 New York Times. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20110505195308/http://www.nytime
 s.com/2011/05/02/world/asia/osama-bin-laden-is-killed.html) from the original on May 5,
 2011. Retrieved February 27, 2017.
 332. Bergen, Peter L. (2012). Manhunt: The Ten-Year Search for Bin Laden—from 9/11 to
 Abbottabad. pp. 250–261.
 333. 
"EXCLUSIVE: Inside the Green Berets' hunt for brutal warlord" (https://www.nbcnews.com/n
 ews/world/inside-green-berets-hunt-warlord-joseph-kony-n726076). NBC News. March 6,
 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 334. 
"Congress' Job Approval Falls to 11% Amid Gov't Shutdown" (http://www.gallup.com/poll/16
 5281/congress-job-approval-falls-amid-gov-shutdown.aspx). Gallup.com. October 7, 2013.
 Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20141006075722/http://www.gallup.com/poll/165281/
 congress-job-approval-falls-amid-gov-shutdown.aspx) from the original on October 6, 2014.
 Retrieved October 1, 2014.
 335. 
"4 Years After Sandy Hook, Obama Leaves a Legacy of Little Progress on Gun Laws" (http
 s://abcnews.go.com/Politics/years-sandy-hook-obama-leaves-legacy-progress-gun/story?id
 =44163755). ABC News. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 336. 
"10th anniversary of Boston Marathon bombing marked with somber ceremony" (https://ww
 w.pbs.org/newshour/nation/10th-anniversary-of-boston-marathon-bombing-marked-with-so
 mber-ceremony). PBS NewsHour. April 15, 2023. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 337. 
"Blindsided: Hours before the coup in Niger, U.S. diplomats said the country was stable" (htt
 ps://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national-security/blindsided-hours-coup-niger-us-diplomats-s
 aid-country-was-stable-rcna99708). NBC News. August 14, 2023. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
338. 
"US to send 400 troops to train Syrian rebels" (https://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-30847689). BBC News. January 16, 2015. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 339. 
"The rise and fall of ISIL explained" (https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2017/6/20/the-rise
and-fall-of-isil-explained). Al Jazeera. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 340. Dale, Daniel (October 24, 2023). 
"Fact check: Trump falsely claims the US had no terrorist
 attacks during his presidency" (https://www.cnn.com/2023/10/23/politics/fact-check-trump-sp
 eech-new-hampshire/index.html). CNN Politics. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 341. 
"San Bernardino Mass Shooting - What We Know" (https://abc7.com/san-bernardino-region
 al-center-shooting-active-shooter/1107077/). ABC7 Los Angeles. December 7, 2015.
 Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 342. Baldor, Lolita; Burns, Robert (December 10, 2021). 
"General says US troops to remain in
 Iraq" (https://www.militarytimes.com/flashpoints/2021/12/09/general-says-us-troops-to-remai
 n-in-iraq/). Military Times. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 343. 
"Timeline of events: 20 years since U.S.-led invasion of Iraq" (https://apnews.com/article/ira
 q-invasion-war-timeline-saddam-hussein-50828061c98e410063753045179bdcfb). AP
 News. March 17, 2023. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 344. 
"Statement by the President on the End of the Combat Mission in Afghanistan" (https://obam
 awhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2014/12/28/statement-president-end-combat-mis
 sion-afghanistan). 
whitehouse.gov. December 29, 2014. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/w
 eb/20170121015947/https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2014/12/28/stat
 ement-president-end-combat-mission-afghanistan) from the original on January 21, 2017.
 Retrieved January 18, 2015 – via 
National Archives.
 345. 
"Ferguson unrest: From shooting to nationwide protests" (https://www.bbc.com/news/world
us-canada-30193354). BBC News. November 25, 2014. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 346. Gast, Phil (May 9, 2012). 
"Obama announces he supports same-sex marriage - CNN
 Politics" (https://www.cnn.com/2012/05/09/politics/obama-same-sex-marriage/index.html).
 CNN. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 347. Barnes, Robert (June 26, 2013). 
"Supreme Court strikes down key part of Defense of
 Marriage Act" (https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/supreme-court/2013/06/26/f003981
 4-d9ab-11e2-a016-92547bf094cc_story.html). The Washington Post. Retrieved May 12,
 2024.
 348. 
"Supreme Court declares nationwide right to same-sex marriage" (https://apnews.com/articl
 e/lifestyle-courts-marriage-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-united-states-government-9e
 1933cd1e1a4e969ab45f5952bbb45f). AP News. June 26, 2015. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 349. 
"Factbox: Donald Trump's legacy - six policy takeaways" (https://www.reuters.com/article/id
 USKBN27F1GH/). Reuters. October 30, 2020. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 350. 
"The Latest: Trump promises 'I will not let you down" (http://elections.ap.org/content/latest-d
 onald-trump-elected-president). Associated Press. November 9, 2016. 
Archived (https://we
 b.archive.org/web/20161116163438/http://elections.ap.org/content/latest-donald-trump-elect
 ed-president) from the original on November 16, 2016. Retrieved November 15, 2016.
 351. Miller, Greg; Entous, Adam. 
"Declassified report says Putin 'ordered' effort to undermine
 faith in U.S. election and help Trump" (https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-secur
 ity/intelligence-chiefs-expected-in-new-york-to-brief-trump-on-russian-hacking/2017/01/06/5f
 591416-d41a-11e6-9cb0-54ab630851e8_story.html). 
The Washington Post. 
Archived (http
 s://web.archive.org/web/20170107010016/https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-s
 ecurity/intelligence-chiefs-expected-in-new-york-to-brief-trump-on-russian-hacking/2017/01/
 06/5f591416-d41a-11e6-9cb0-54ab630851e8_story.html) from the original on January 7,
 2017. Retrieved May 26, 2017.
 352. 
"Durham report takeaways: A 'seriously flawed' Russia investigation and its lasting impact
 on the FBI" (https://apnews.com/article/durham-report-fbi-trump-clinton-2016-campaign-f303
 9e651eeb35a09091c363419e6766). AP News. May 17, 2023. Retrieved March 23, 2024.
353. 
"Mueller Report Doesn't Find Russian Collusion, But Can't 'Exonerate' On Obstruction" (http
 s://www.npr.org/2019/03/24/706318191/trump-white-house-hasnt-seen-or-been-briefed-on
mueller-investigation-report). NPR. March 24, 2019. Retrieved July 3, 2024.
 354. Diamond, Jeremy (January 28, 2017). 
"Trump's latest executive order: Banning people from
 7 countries and more" (https://www.cnn.com/2017/01/27/politics/donald-trump-refugees-exe
 cutive-order/index.html). CNN Politics. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 355. 
"These are the Trump administration policies courts have ruled against" (https://web.archive.
 org/web/20210226022838/https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2019/politics/trump-ov
 erruled/). The Washington Post. Archived from 
the original (https://www.washingtonpost.co
 m/graphics/2019/politics/trump-overruled) on February 26, 2021. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 356. 
"Trump wall: How much has he actually built?" (https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-46824649). BBC News. January 21, 2019. Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 357. 
"Trump built the Supreme Court's conservative majority, but it doesn't always rule in his
 favor" (https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/trump-built-supreme-court-conservat
 ive-majority-loses-rcna131956). NBC News. January 3, 2024. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 358. 
"A quick guide to the US-China trade war" (https://www.bbc.com/news/business-45899310).
 BBC News. January 16, 2020. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 359. Gonzales, Richard (June 20, 2018). 
"Trump's Executive Order On Family Separation: What
 It Does And Doesn't Do" (https://www.npr.org/2018/06/20/622095441/trump-executive-order
on-family-separation-what-it-does-and-doesnt-do). NPR. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 360. 
"Trump admin ran 'pilot program' for zero tolerance at border in 2017" (https://www.nbcnew
 s.com/storyline/immigration-border-crisis/trump-admin-ran-pilot-program-separating-migrant-families-2017-n887616). NBC News. June 29, 2018. Retrieved July 3, 2024.
 361. Breuninger, Kevin (September 25, 2019). 
"Trump asked Ukraine president in phone call 'if
 you can look into' Biden and his son" (https://www.cnbc.com/2019/09/25/trump-asked-ukrain
 e-president-if-you-can-look-into-biden-and-his-son-in-phone-call.html). CNBC. Retrieved
 March 8, 2021.
 362. Gilliland, Donald (November 7, 2020). 
"Biden's defeat of Trump is the most important win
 since FDR" (https://thehill.com/opinion/campaign/524942-bidens-defeat-of-trump-is-the-mos
 t-important-win-since-fdr). 
The Hill. Retrieved December 16, 2020.
 363. 
"Trump impeachment: The short, medium and long story" (https://www.bbc.com/news/world
us-canada-49800181). BBC News. February 5, 2020. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 364. 
"Here's what's driving America's increasing political polarization" (https://www.nbcnews.com/
 meet-the-press/meetthepressblog/s-s-driving-americas-increasing-political-polarization-rcna
 89559). NBC News. June 15, 2023. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 365. 
"Listening to a divided America" (https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/listening-to-a-divided
america). PBS NewsHour. March 8, 2023. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 366. Owens, Caitlin (August 7, 2023). 
"America's deepest partisan divides are getting deeper" (ht
 tps://www.axios.com/2023/08/07/americans-disagree-political-issues-divide-gallup-poll).
 Axios. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 367. 
"Me Too founder Tarana Burke discusses where we go from here" (https://news.harvard.ed
 u/gazette/story/2020/02/me-too-founder-tarana-burke-discusses-where-we-go-from-here).
 Harvard Gazette. February 21, 2020. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 368. 
"Stars accused of sexual harassment and assault" (https://www.nydailynews.com/entertain
 ment/hollywood-stars-accused-sexual-harassment-assault-gallery-1.3547625).
 nydailynews.com. August 6, 2020. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 369. Sancton, Julian (September 29, 2022). 
"#MeToo Five Years Later: A Timeline of Allegations,
 Accountability and Activism" (https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/general-news/metoo
five-years-timeline-allegations-accountability-activism-1235228661/). The Hollywood
 Reporter. Retrieved July 3, 2024.
370. Capatosto, Victoria. 
"A Brief History of Civil Rights in the United States" (https://library.law.ho
 ward.edu/civilrightshistory/BLM). library.law.howard.edu. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 371. 
"White supremacy: Are US right-wing groups on the rise?" (https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-40915356). BBC News. August 13, 2017. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 372. 
" 'Throughline': The Rise Of The Modern White Power Movement" (https://www.npr.org/202
 1/01/25/960253858/throughline-the-rise-of-the-modern-white-power-movement). NPR.
 January 25, 2021. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 373. 
"Why is white supremacy growing in the United States?" (https://www.aljazeera.com/progra
 m/the-bottom-line/2021/10/28/why-is-white-supremacy-growing-in-the-united-states). Al
 Jazeera. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 374. 
"Largest Protests in American History" (https://www.businessinsider.com/largest-marches-us-history-2017-2#the-womens-march-on-washington-january-21-2017-11). Business Insider.
 2018.
 375. Andone, Dakin (March 21, 2018). 
"What you should know about the March for Our Lives" (ht
 tps://www.cnn.com/2018/03/21/us/march-for-our-lives-explainer/index.html). CNN. Retrieved
 March 8, 2021.
 376. 
"March for Our Lives Highlights: Students Protesting Guns Say 'Enough Is Enough' " (https://
 www.nytimes.com/2018/03/24/us/march-for-our-lives.html). The New York Times. March 24,
 2018. 
ISSN 
0362-4331 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/0362-4331). Retrieved March 8,
 2021.
 377. 
"Toxic: How the search for the origins of COVID-19 turned politically poisonous" (https://apn
 ews.com/article/china-covid-virus-origins-pandemic-lab-leak-bed5ab50dca8e318ab00f60b5
 911da0c). AP News. April 22, 2024. Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 378. 
"The WHO Just Declared Coronavirus COVID-19 a Pandemic" (https://time.com/5791661/w
 ho-coronavirus-pandemic-declaration/). Time. Retrieved March 4, 2022.
 379. McNeil, Donald G. Jr. (March 26, 2020). 
"The U.S. Now Leads the World in Confirmed
 Coronavirus Cases" (https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/26/health/usa-coronavirus-cases.ht
 ml). The New York Times. Retrieved March 26, 2022.
 380. Chan C, Shumaker L, Maler S (March 28, 2020). 
"Confirmed coronavirus cases in U.S.
 reach 100,000: Reuters tally" (https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-usa-cas
 es/confirmed-coronavirus-cases-in-u-s-reach-100000-reuters-tally-idUSKBN21E3DA).
 Reuters. Retrieved March 28, 2020.
 381. Roberts, Siobhan (March 27, 2020). 
"Flattening the Coronavirus Curve" (https://www.nytime
 s.com/article/flatten-curve-coronavirus.html). The New York Times. 
ISSN 
0362-4331 (https://
 search.worldcat.org/issn/0362-4331). Retrieved July 3, 2024.
 382. 
"U.S. coronavirus deaths top 20,000, highest in world exceeding Italy: Reuters tally" (https://
 www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-usa-casualties-idUSKCN21T0NA). 
Reuters.
 April 11, 2020. Retrieved May 1, 2020.
 383. Iorfida, Chris (May 12, 2022). 
"U.S. surpasses 1 million COVID-19 deaths: A look at the
 numbers" (https://www.cbc.ca/news/world/us-million-covid-deaths-1.6150574). CBC News.
 Retrieved June 3, 2022.
 384. Soucheray, Stephanie (February 18, 2021). 
"Amid COVID-19, US life expectancy sees
 biggest drop since WWII" (https://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2021/02/amid-covi
 d-19-us-life-expectancy-sees-biggest-drop-wwii). CIDRAP. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 385. McPhillips, Deidre (April 7, 2022). 
"US life expectancy continues historic decline with
 another drop in 2021, study finds" (https://www.cnn.com/2022/04/07/health/us-life-expectanc
 y-drops-again-2021/index.html). CNN. Retrieved June 3, 2022.
 386. Lopez, German (December 14, 2020). 
"The Covid-19 vaccine's 2 big challenges" (https://ww
 w.vox.com/future-perfect/22161047/covid-19-coronavirus-vaccine-manufacturing-distribution-persuasion). Vox. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
387. 
"Mapping US cities where George Floyd protests have erupted" (https://www.aljazeera.com/i
 ndepth/interactive/2020/06/mapping-cities-george-floyd-protests-erupted-20060108165411
 9.html). aljazeera.com. Retrieved June 26, 2020.
 388. Gottbrath, Laurin-Whitney. 
"In 2020, the Black Lives Matter movement shook the world" (htt
 ps://www.aljazeera.com/features/2020/12/31/2020-the-year-black-lives-matter-shook-the-wo
 rld). Al Jazeera. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 389. Brewster, Jack. 
"Trump Renews Ballot 'Dump' Conspiracy Theory Claim—Here's Why Its
 Bogus" (https://www.forbes.com/sites/jackbrewster/2020/11/30/trump-renews-ballot-dump-c
 onspiracy-theory-claim-heres-why-its-bogus). Forbes. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 390. 
"Coronavirus: 'Plandemic' virus conspiracy video spreads across social media" (https://www.
 bbc.com/news/technology-52588682). BBC News. May 8, 2020. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 391. Piper, Jessica (September 4, 2023). 
"Anti-vaxxers are now a modern political force" (https://
 www.politico.com/news/2023/09/24/anti-vaxxers-political-power-00116527). Politico.
 Retrieved May 12, 2024.
 392. 
"QAnon explained: the antisemitic conspiracy theory gaining traction around the world" (http
 s://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/aug/25/qanon-conspiracy-theory-explained-trump
what-is). The Guardian. August 25, 2020. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 393. 
"How QAnon rode the pandemic to new heights — and fueled the viral anti-mask
 phenomenon" (https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news/how-qanon-rode-pandemic-new-h
 eights-fueled-viral-anti-mask-n1236695). NBC News. August 14, 2020. Retrieved May 13,
 2024.
 394. Shepherd, Katie. 
"Portland police stand by as Proud Boys and far-right militias flash guns
 and brawl with antifa counterprotesters" (https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2020/08/2
 2/portland-police-far-right-protest). 
The Washington Post. 
ISSN 
0190-8286 (https://search.w
 orldcat.org/issn/0190-8286). Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 395. 
"Minneapolis mayor calls in National Guard after unrest downtown" (https://www.nbcnews.c
 om/news/us-news/minneapolis-mayor-calls-national-guard-after-unrest-downtown-n123836
 6). NBC News. August 27, 2020. Retrieved March 8, 2021.
 396. Keith, Tamara (December 4, 2020). 
"Trump Fundraising Surges After Election As He Makes
 False Claims It Was Rigged" (https://www.npr.org/sections/biden-transition-updates/2020/1
 2/04/942930782/trump-fundraising-surges-after-election-as-he-makes-false-claims-it-was-ri
 gged). NPR. Retrieved December 16, 2020.
 397. 
"Trump's false fraud claims are laying groundwork for new voting restrictions, experts warn"
 (https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/elections/trump-s-false-fraud-claims-are-laying-groundwo
 rk-new-voting-n1250059). NBC News. December 6, 2020. Retrieved December 16, 2020.
 398. 
"AP Fact Check: Trump's claims of vote rigging are all wrong" (https://apnews.com/article/el
 ection-2020-ap-fact-check-joe-biden-donald-trump-technology-49a24edd6d10888dbad6168
 9c24b05a5). The Associated Press. December 3, 2020. Retrieved December 16, 2020.
 399. 
"Pro-Trump mob storm Capitol as lawmakers meet to certify Biden's win – video" (https://ww
 w.theguardian.com/us-news/video/2021/jan/06/trump-supporters-storm-capitol-protest-senat
 e-video). The Guardian. January 6, 2021. 
ISSN 
0261-3077 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/
 0261-3077). Retrieved January 8, 2021.
 400. 
"Jan. 6 insurrection" (https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/interactive/2021/jan-6-insurre
 ction-capitol/). The Washington Post. 2021. Retrieved July 6, 2024.
401. Eastman v Thompson, et al., 
8:22-cv-00099-DOC-DFM Document 260 (https://storage.court
 listener.com/recap/gov.uscourts.cacd.841840/gov.uscourts.cacd.841840.260.0.pdf), 44
 (S.D. Cal. May 28, 2022) ("Dr. Eastman and President Trump launched a campaign to
 overturn a democratic election, an action unprecedented in American history. Their
 campaign was not confined to the ivory tower – it was a coup in search of a legal theory.
 The plan spurred violent attacks on the seat of our nation's government, led to the deaths of
 several law enforcement officers, and deepened public distrust in our political process... If
 Dr. Eastman and President Trump's plan had worked, it would have permanently ended the
 peaceful transition of power, undermining American democracy and the Constitution. If the
 country does not commit to investigating and pursuing accountability for those responsible,
 the Court fears January 6 will repeat itself.").
 402. Eisen, Norman; Ayer, Donald; Perry, Joshua; Bookbinder, Noah; Perry, E. Danya (June 6,
 2022). 
Trump on Trial: A Guide to the January 6 Hearings and the Question of Criminality (ht
 tps://www.brookings.edu/research/trump-on-trial/) (Report). Brookings Institution. Retrieved
 December 16, 2023. "[Trump] tried to delegitimize the election results by disseminating a
 series of far fetched and evidence-free claims of fraud. Meanwhile, with a ring of close
 confidants, Trump conceived and implemented unprecedented schemes to – in his own
 words – "overturn" the election outcome. Among the results of this "Big Lie" campaign were
 the terrible events of January 6, 2021 – an inflection point in what we now understand was
 nothing less than an attempted coup."
403. Multiple media sources:
 Graham, David A. (January 6, 2021). 
"This Is a Coup" (https://www.theatlantic.com/idea
 s/archive/2021/01/attempted-coup/617570/). 
The Atlantic. 
Archived (https://web.archive.
 org/web/20210106224049/https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2021/01/attempted
coup/617570/) from the original on January 6, 2021. Retrieved December 16, 2023.
 Musgrave, Paul (January 6, 2021). 
"This Is a Coup. Why Were Experts So Reluctant to
 See It Coming?" (https://foreignpolicy.com/2021/01/06/coup-america-capitol-electoral-col
 lege-2020-election/). Foreign Policy. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/2021010623
 5812/https://foreignpolicy.com/2021/01/06/coup-america-capitol-electoral-college-2020-e
 lection/) from the original on January 6, 2021. Retrieved December 16, 2023.
 Solnit, Rebecca (January 6, 2021). 
"Call it what it was: a coup attempt" (https://www.theg
 uardian.com/commentisfree/2021/jan/06/trump-mob-storm-capitol-washington-coup-atte
 mpt). The Guardian. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20210107000436/https://ww
 w.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2021/jan/06/trump-mob-storm-capitol-washington-co
 up-attempt) from the original on January 7, 2021. Retrieved December 16, 2023.
 Coleman, Justine (January 6, 2021). 
"GOP lawmaker on violence at Capitol: 'This is a
 coup attempt' " (https://thehill.com/homenews/house/532944-gop-lawmaker-on-violence
at-capitol-this-is-a-coup-attempt). 
The Hill. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/202101
 06212600/https://thehill.com/homenews/house/532944-gop-lawmaker-on-violence-at-ca
 pitol-this-is-a-coup-attempt) from the original on January 6, 2021. Retrieved
 December 16, 2023.
 Jacobson, Louis (January 6, 2021). 
"Is this a coup? Here's some history and context to
 help you decide" (https://www.politifact.com/article/2021/jan/06/coup-heres-some-history-and-context-help-you-decid/). 
PolitiFact. Retrieved January 7, 2021. "A good case can
 be made that the storming of the Capitol qualifies as a coup. It's especially so because
 the rioters entered at precisely the moment when the incumbent's loss was to be
 formally sealed, and they succeeded in stopping the count."
 Barry, Dan; Frenkel, Sheera (January 7, 2021). 
" 'Be There. Will Be Wild!': Trump All but
 Circled the Date" (https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/06/us/politics/capitol-mob-trump-su
 pporters.html). 
The New York Times. 
Archived (https://ghostarchive.org/archive/2021122
 8/https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/06/us/politics/capitol-mob-trump-supporters.html)
 from the original on December 28, 2021. Retrieved December 16, 2023.
 Duignan, Brian (August 4, 2021). 
"January 6 U.S. Capitol attack" (https://www.britannica.
 com/event/January-6-U-S-Capitol-attack). 
Encyclopædia Britannica. 
Archived (https://we
 b.archive.org/web/20230117232629/https://www.britannica.com/event/January-6-U-S-C
 apitol-attack) from the original on January 17, 2023. Retrieved September 22, 2021.
 "Because its object was to prevent a legitimate president-elect from assuming office, the
 attack was widely regarded as an insurrection or attempted coup d'état."
 404. DeBonis, Mike; Kim, Seung Min. 
"House impeaches Trump with 10 Republicans joining, but
 Senate plans unclear" (https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/house-impeachment-trump/
 2021/01/13/05fe731c-55c5-11eb-a931-5b162d0d033d_story.html). 
The Washington Post.
 ISSN 
0190-8286 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/0190-8286). Retrieved January 14, 2021.
 405. Fink, Jenni (January 13, 2021). 
"Donald Trump becomes first president to get impeached
 twice, losing stranglehold on GOP" (https://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-becomes-first-president-get-impeached-twice-losing-stranglehold-gop-1561211). Newsweek. Retrieved
 January 14, 2021.
 406. Gambino, Lauren (January 13, 2021). 
"Donald Trump impeached a second time over mob
 attack on US Capitol" (https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2021/jan/13/trump-impeached
again-president-history-capitol-attack). The Guardian. 
ISSN 
0261-3077 (https://search.world
 cat.org/issn/0261-3077). Retrieved January 14, 2021.
407. Herb, Jeremy; Raju, Manu; Barrett, Ted; Fox, Lauren (February 13, 2021). 
"Trump acquitted
 for second time following historic Senate impeachment trial" (https://www.cnn.com/2021/02/
 13/politics/senate-impeachment-trial-day-5-vote/index.html). CNN. Retrieved February 17,
 2021.
 408. 
"U.S. Senate: U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 117th Congress – 1st Session" (https://www.sena
 te.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=117&session=1&vote=
 00059). senate.gov. Retrieved February 17, 2021.
 409. Lerer, Lisa; Ember, Sydney (November 7, 2020). 
"Kamala Harris Makes History as First
 Woman and Woman of Color as Vice President" (https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/07/us/p
 olitics/kamala-harris.html). The New York Times. Retrieved July 15, 2022.
 410. 
"EXPLAINER: Dueling views remain a year after Afghan pullout" (https://apnews.com/article/
 russia-ukraine-afghanistan-al-qaida-ayman-zawahri-f00d745cb7cf00e3ada60017401f6784).
 AP News. August 17, 2022. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 411. 
"Taliban marks two years since return to power in Afghanistan" (https://www.aljazeera.com/n
 ews/2023/8/15/taliban-marks-two-years-since-return-to-power-in-afghanistan). Al Jazeera.
 Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 412. Knutson, Jacob (August 20, 2021). 
"Trump officials back away from 2020 Taliban peace
 deal after withdrawal chaos" (https://www.axios.com/2021/08/20/trump-taliban-agreement-d
 oha-biden). Axios. Retrieved May 12, 2024.
 413. Segers, Grace (March 12, 2021). 
"Biden signs $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan into law"
 (https://www.cbsnews.com/news/biden-signs-covid-relief-bill-american-rescue-plan-into-la
 w/). CBS News. Retrieved July 5, 2021.
 414. 
"Who lost Biden's agenda? Democrats offer competing theories for failure of 'Build Back
 Better' " (https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/lost-bidens-agenda-democrats-offer-co
 mpeting-theories-failure-build-ba-rcna24552). NBC News. April 17, 2022. Retrieved May 13,
 2024.
 415. Shalal, Andrea; Holland, Steve (November 16, 2021). 
"Biden signs $1 trillion infrastructure
 bill into law" (https://www.reuters.com/world/us/biden-needing-boost-sign-1-trillion-infrastruct
 ure-bill-2021-11-15/). Reuters. Retrieved November 16, 2021.
 416. 
"Biden signs bipartisan gun safety package into law" (https://abcnews.go.com/US/biden-sign
 s-bipartisan-gun-safety-package-law/story?id=85692952). ABC News. Retrieved May 13,
 2024.
 417. Judd, Donald; Vazquez, Maegan (August 16, 2022). 
"Biden signs Inflation Reduction Act
 into law - CNN Politics" (https://www.cnn.com/2022/08/16/politics/biden-inflation-reduction-a
 ct-signing/index.html). CNN. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 418. 
"Honoring our 'PACT' to veterans" (https://www.yahoo.com/news/honoring-pact-veterans-09
 0000193.html). Yahoo News. August 8, 2023. Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 419. 
"30 Things Joe Biden Did as President You Might Have Missed" (https://www.politico.com/ne
 ws/magazine/2024/02/02/joe-biden-30-policy-things-you-might-have-missed-00139046).
 Politico. February 2, 2024. Retrieved June 1, 2024.
 420. 
"Schools grapple with thousands in isolation or quarantine as delta variant rages" (https://w
 ww.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/schools-grapple-thousands-isolation-or-quarantine-delta-v
 ariant-rages-n1277882). NBC News. September 4, 2021. Retrieved July 6, 2024.
 421. Anthes, Emily (June 22, 2021). 
"The Delta Variant: What Scientists Know" (https://www.nyti
 mes.com/2021/06/22/health/delta-variant-covid.html). The New York Times. 
ISSN 
0362
4331 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/0362-4331). Retrieved July 6, 2024.
 422. Tebor, Celina (July 2, 2021). 
"Delta variant causes new lockdowns and coronavirus
 restrictions across the globe" (https://www.latimes.com/world-nation/story/2021-07-01/delta
variant-worldwide-coronavirus-restrictions). Los Angeles Times. Retrieved July 6, 2024.
 423. Barnes, Julian E.; Cooper, Helene (March 16, 2022). 
"U.S. Sends More Anti-Aircraft
 Systems, Drones and Weapons to Ukraine" (https://www.nytimes.com/2022/03/16/us/politic
 s/us-ukraine-military-aid.html). The New York Times.
424. Cooper, Helene (July 8, 2022). 
"How the U.S. Is Arming Ukraine Against Russia" (https://ww
 w.nytimes.com/2022/07/08/us/politics/ukraine-weapons.html). The New York Times.
 425. 
"U.S. Military Aid to Ukraine Tops $40 Billion" (https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-6
 6265444). BBC News. July 20, 2023.
 426. 
"Over 120 Bills Restricting LGBTQ Rights Introduced Nationwide in 2023 So Far" (https://ww
 w.aclu.org/press-releases/over-120-bills-restricting-lgbtq-rights-introduced-nationwide-2023
so-far). ACLU. Retrieved March 7, 2023.
 427. 
Liptak, Adam (June 24, 2022). 
"In 6-to-3 Ruling, Supreme Court Ends Nearly 50 Years of
 Abortion Rights" (https://www.nytimes.com/2022/06/24/us/roe-wade-overturned-supreme-co
 urt.html). 
The New York Times. Washington, D.C. 
ISSN 
1553-8095 (https://search.worldcat.
 org/issn/1553-8095). 
OCLC 
1645522 (https://search.worldcat.org/oclc/1645522). 
Archived
 (https://web.archive.org/web/20220625032744/https://www.nytimes.com/2022/06/24/us/roe
wade-overturned-supreme-court.html) from the original on June 25, 2022. Retrieved
 June 25, 2022.
 428. Almasy, Steve (June 24, 2022). 
"Protests underway in cities from Washington to Los
 Angeles in wake of Supreme Court abortion decision" (https://www.cnn.com/2022/06/24/us/s
 upreme-court-roe-v-wade-protests/index.html). 
CNN. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/
 20220625065025/https://www.cnn.com/2022/06/24/us/supreme-court-roe-v-wade-protests/i
 ndex.html) from the original on June 25, 2022. Retrieved June 25, 2022.
 429. Tapper, Jake; de Vogue, Ariane; Zeleny, Jeff; Klein, Betsy; Vazquez, Maegan (February 25,
 2022). 
"Biden nominates Ketanji Brown Jackson to be first Black woman to sit on Supreme
 Court" (https://www.cnn.com/2022/02/25/politics/supreme-court-ketanji-brown-jackson/inde
 x.html). CNN. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/20220228012241/https://www.cnn.com/
 2022/02/25/politics/supreme-court-ketanji-brown-jackson/index.html) from the original on
 February 28, 2022. Retrieved February 28, 2022.
 430. Graham, David A. (May 8, 2024). 
"The Cases Against Trump: A Guide" (https://www.theatlan
 tic.com/ideas/archive/2024/05/donald-trump-legal-cases-charges/675531/). The Atlantic.
 Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 431. Thomson-DeVeaux, Amelia (August 2, 2023). 
"All Of Trump's Indictments Could Seriously
 Bog Down His Campaign" (https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/trump-indictments-trial-campai
 gn-effects/). FiveThirtyEight. Retrieved June 8, 2024.
 432. 
"Americans' views divided on US policy toward Israel-Hamas war: POLL" (https://abcnews.g
 o.com/Politics/americans-views-divided-us-policy-israel-hamas-war/story?id=109879453).
 ABC News. Retrieved July 25, 2024.
 433. 
"What is U.S.-led Red Sea coalition and which countries are backing it?" (https://archive.tod
 ay/20231225072733/https://www.reuters.com/world/us-red-sea-taskforce-gets-limited-backi
 ng-some-allies-2023-12-20/). Reuters. December 22, 2023. Archived from 
the original (http
 s://www.reuters.com/world/us-red-sea-taskforce-gets-limited-backing-some-allies-2023-12-2
 0/) on December 25, 2023. Retrieved May 13, 2024.
 434. 
"Jury finds former President Trump guilty of all 34 felony counts of falsifying business
 records" (https://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/jury-finds-former-president-trump-gu
 ilty-of-all-34-felony-counts-of-falsifying-business-records-211974213765). NBC News.
 Retrieved June 2, 2024.
 435. 
"Justices rule Trump has some immunity from prosecution" (https://www.scotusblog.com/20
 24/07/justices-rule-trump-has-some-immunity-from-prosecution/). SCOTUSblog. July 1,
 2024. Retrieved July 3, 2024.
 436. Wolf, Zachary B. (July 1, 2024). 
"Analysis: The Supreme Court just gave presidents a
 superpower. Here's its explanation - CNN Politics" (https://www.cnn.com/2024/07/01/politics/
 presidents-immunity-supreme-court-what-matters/index.html). CNN. Retrieved July 3, 2024.
 437. 
"The meaning of Donald Trump's Supreme Court victory" (https://www.economist.com/unite
 d-states/2024/07/01/donald-trump-wins-a-big-victory-at-the-supreme-court). The Economist.
 ISSN 
0013-0613 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/0013-0613). Retrieved July 3, 2024.
438. Stein, Chris (July 21, 2024). 
"Joe Biden endorses Kamala Harris to replace him as
 Democrats begin to throw support behind vice-president – live" (https://www.theguardian.co
 m/us-news/live/2024/jul/21/biden-drops-out-presidential-election). the Guardian. 
ISSN 
0261
3077 (https://search.worldcat.org/issn/0261-3077). Retrieved July 21, 2024.
 439. Lybrand, Holmes (September 30, 2024). 
"Man accused of second attempted Trump
 assassination pleads not guilty | CNN Politics" (https://www.cnn.com/2024/09/30/politics/rya
 n-wesley-routh-trump-assassination-attempt-plea/index.html). CNN. Retrieved
 November 26, 2024.
 440. Cochran, Lexi Lonas (November 8, 2024). 
"Trump joins Grover Cleveland with rarest
 presidential feat" (https://thehill.com/homenews/education/4979460-trump-election-grover-cl
 eveland-white-house/). The Hill. Retrieved November 21, 2024.
 441. 
"Trump is the oldest person to be elected president: U.S. presidents, by age" (https://www.w
 ashingtonpost.com/politics/2024/11/08/oldest-us-presidents-trump/). The Washington Post.
 November 8, 2024. Retrieved November 21, 2024.
 442. 
"Biden, in farewell address, warns about dangers of unchecked power in wealthy" (https://ab
 cnews.go.com/Politics/biden-set-give-farewell-address-after-securing-israel/story?id=11771
 9108). ABC News. Retrieved January 16, 2025.
 443. Mascaro, Lisa; Jalonick, Mary Clare; Amiri, Farnoush; Brown, Matt (January 6, 2025).
 "Congress certifies Trump's 2024 win, without the Jan. 6 mob violence of four years ago" (ht
 tps://apnews.com/article/jan-6-trump-election-certification-capitol-b8284b9b6b22f78ab7f23f8
 c8b3c3da3). AP News. Retrieved January 13, 2025.
 444. 
"How many executive orders has Trump signed in 2025?: A look at the president's first
 month back in office" (https://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/politics/how-many-executive-order
 s-has-trump-signed-2025-first-month/6157457/). NBC New York. February 20, 2025.
 Retrieved March 22, 2025.
 445. Lee, Matthew (March 11, 2025). 
"US resumes military aid and intelligence sharing as
 Ukraine says it is open to a 30-day ceasefire" (https://www.ap.org/news-highlights/spotlights/
 2025/us-resumes-military-aid-and-intelligence-sharing-as-ukraine-says-it-is-open-to-a-30-da
 y-ceasefire/). The Associated Press. Retrieved March 14, 2025.
 Sources
 "Lesson Plan on "What Made George Washington a Good Military Leader?" " (https://edsite
 ment.neh.gov/curricula/what-made-george-washington-good-military-leader). 
Archived (http
 s://web.archive.org/web/20110611013210/http://edsitement.neh.gov/curriculum-unit/what-m
 ade-george-washington-good-military-leader) from the original on June 11, 2011.
 "Outline of American History – Chapter 1: Early America" (https://usa.usembassy.de/etexts/h
 istory/ch1.htm#europeans). usa.usembassy.de. 
Archived (https://web.archive.org/web/2016
 1120021240/http://usa.usembassy.de/etexts/history/ch1.htm#europeans) from the original
 on November 20, 2016. Retrieved September 27, 2019.
 Beard, Charles A.; Beard, Mary Ritter; Jones, Wilfred (1927). 
The Rise of American
 civilization (https://archive.org/details/riseofamericanci04bear). 
Macmillan.
 Chenault, Mark; Ahlstrom, Rick; Motsinger, Tom (1993). In the Shadow of South Mountain:
 The Pre-Classic Hohokam of 'La Ciudad de los Hornos', Part I and II.
 Coffman, Edward M. (1998). 
The War to End All Wars: The American Military Experience in
 World War I (https://archive.org/details/wartoendallwarsa0000coff).
 Cogliano, Francis D. (2009). 
Revolutionary America, 1763–1815: A Political History (https://a
 rchive.org/details/revolutionaryame0000cogl) (2nd ed.). Routledge. 
ISBN 
978-0-415-96486
9.
 Cooper, John Milton (2001). 
Breaking the Heart of the World: Woodrow Wilson and the Fight
 for the League of Nations (https://archive.org/details/breakingheartofw00coop). Cambridge
University Press. ISBN 9780521807869.
 Corbett, P. Scott; Janssen, Volker; Lund, John M.; Pfannestiel, Todd; Waskiewicz, Sylvie;
 Vickery, Paul (June 26, 2020). "3.3 English settlements in America. The Chesapeake
 colonies: Virginia and Maryland. The rise of slavery in the Chesapeake Bay Colonies". U.S.
 history (https://web.archive.org/web/20200808113230/https://openstax.org/books/us-history/
 pages/16-3-radical-reconstruction-1867-1872). OpenStax. Archived from the original (https://
 cnx.org/contents/p7ovuIkl@10.8:orzCQOw6@8/3-3-English-Settlements-in-America) on
 August 8, 2020. Retrieved August 8, 2020.
 Dangerfield, George (1963). The Era of Good Feelings: America Comes of Age in the Period
 of Monroe and Adams Between the War of 1812, and the Ascendancy of Jackson.
 Day, A. Grove (1940). Coronado's Quest: The Discovery of the Southwestern States (https://
 web.archive.org/web/20120726213322/http://www.questia.com/read/66002285). Archived
 from the original (https://www.questia.com/read/66002285) on July 26, 2012.
 Gaddis, John Lewis (2005). The Cold War: A New History.
 Gaddis, John Lewis (1989). The Long Peace: Inquiries Into the History of the Cold War.
 Gaddis, John Lewis (1972). The United States and the Origins of the Cold War, 1941–1947
 (https://archive.org/details/unitedstatesorig0000gadd). Columbia University Press.
 ISBN 9780231122399.
 Goodman, Paul. The First American Party System. in Chambers, William Nisbet; Burnham,
 Walter Dean, eds. (1967). The American Party Systems: Stages of Political Development.
 Greene, John Robert (1995). The Presidency of Gerald R. Ford.
 Greene, Jack P. & Pole, J. R., eds. (2003). A Companion to the American Revolution
 (2nd ed.). Wiley. ISBN 9781405116749.
 Guelzo, Allen C. (2012). "Chapter 3–4". Fateful Lightning: A New History of the Civil War
 and Reconstruction. Oxford University Press, USA. ISBN 9780199843282.
 Guelzo, Allen C. (2006). Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation: The End of Slavery in
 America.
 Hamlin, C. H. (1927) The war myth in United States history (https://www.gutenberg.org/eboo
 ks/73623) New York: The Vanguard Press
 Henretta, James A. (2007). "History of Colonial America" (https://web.archive.org/web/20090
 923141733/http://encarta.msn.com/text_1741502191___0/History_of_Colonial_America.htm
 l). Encarta Online Encyclopedia. Archived from the original (https://encarta.msn.com/text_17
 41502191___0/History_of_Colonial_America.html) on September 23, 2009.
 Hine, Robert V.; Faragher, John Mack (2000). The American West: A New Interpretive
 History (https://archive.org/details/americanwestnewi00hine). Yale University Press.
 Howe, Daniel Walker (2009). What Hath God Wrought: The Transformation of America,
 1815–1848. Oxford History of the United States. p. 798. ISBN 9780199726578.
 Jacobs, Jaap (2009). The Colony of New Netherland: A Dutch Settlement in Seventeenth
Century America (https://web.archive.org/web/20120729171018/http://www.questia.com/rea
 d/109275503) (2nd ed.). Cornell University Press. Archived from the original (https://www.qu
 estia.com/read/109275503) on July 29, 2012.
 Jensen, Richard J.; Davidann, Jon Thares; Sugital, Yoneyuki, eds. (2003). Trans-Pacific
 relations: America, Europe, and Asia in the twentieth century. Greenwood.
 Kennedy, David M. (1999). Freedom from Fear: The American People in Depression and
 War, 1929–1945. Oxford History of the United States.
 Kennedy, David M.; Cohen, Lizabeth; Bailey, Thomas A. (2002). The American Pageant: A
 History of the Republic (https://archive.org/details/americanpageanth00davi) (12th ed.).
 Boston: Houghton Mifflin. ISBN 9780618103492.
 McPherson, James M. (February 25, 1988). Battle Cry of Freedom: The Civil War Era.
 Oxford University Press. ISBN 9780195038637.
Middleton, Richard; Lombard, Anne (2011). Colonial America: A History to 1763. Wiley.
 ISBN 9781405190046.
 Milkis, Sidney M.; Mileur, Jerome M., eds. (2002). The New Deal and the Triumph of
 Liberalism.
 Miller, John C. (1960). The Federalist Era: 1789–1801 (https://archive.org/details/federalister
 a178008879mbp). Harper & Brothers.
 Norton, Mary Beth; et al. (2011). A People and a Nation, Volume I: to 1877 (9th ed.).
 Houghton Mifflin. ISBN 9780495916550.
 Ogawa, Dennis M.; Fox, Evarts C. Jr. (1991). Japanese Americans, from Relocation to
 Redress.
 Patterson, James T. (1997). Grand Expectations: The United States, 1945–1974. Oxford
 History of the United States.
 Rable, George C. (2007). But There Was No Peace: The Role of Violence in the Politics of
 Reconstruction.
 Riley, Glenda (2001) [1986]. Inventing the American Woman: An Inclusive History, Volume
 1: to 1877 (https://archive.org/details/inventingamerica00glen) (3rd ed.). ISBN 978-0-88295
957-3.
 Savelle, Max (2005) [1948]. Seeds of Liberty: The Genesis of the American Mind. Kessinger
 Publishing. pp. 185–190. ISBN 9781419107078.
 Shlaes, Amity (2008). The Forgotten Man: A New History of the Great Depression. New York
 City, U.S.: HarperPerennial. ISBN 978-0-06-093642-6.
 Stagg, J. C. A. (1983). Mr Madison's War: Politics, Diplomacy and Warfare in the Early
 American Republic, 1783–1830 (https://archive.org/details/mrmadisonswarpol0000stag).
 Princeton University Press. ISBN 0691047022.
 Stagg, J. C. A. (2012). The War of 1812: Conflict for a Continent. Cambridge University
 Press. ISBN 978-0-521-89820-1.
 Stannard, David E. (1993). American Holocaust: The Conquest of the New World (https://ar
 chive.org/details/americanholocaus00stan). Oxford University Press, USA. ISBN 978-0-19
508557-0.
 Stanley, Peter W. (1974). A Nation in the Making: The Philippines and the United States,
 1899–1921. pp. 269–272.
 Thornton, Russell (1991). "The Demography of the Trail of Tears Period: A New Estimate of
 Cherokee Population Losses". In Anderson, William L. (ed.). Cherokee Removal: Before and
 After.
 Tooker, Elisabeth (1990). "The United States Constitution and the Iroquois League" (https://
 books.google.com/books?id=ARbVmr941TsC&pg=PA107). In Clifton, J. A. (ed.). The
 Invented Indian: Cultural Fictions and Government Policies. Transaction Publishers.
 pp. 107–128. ISBN 9781560007456. Retrieved November 24, 2010.
 van Dijk, Ruud; et al. (2013). Encyclopedia of the Cold War. Routledge. pp. 863–864.
 ISBN 9781135923112.
 Vann Woodward, C. (1974). The Strange Career of Jim Crow (3rd ed.).
 Wilentz, Sean (2008). The Age of Reagan: A History, 1974–2008 (https://archive.org/details/
 ageofreaganhisto00wile). Harper. ISBN 9780060744809.
 Wood, Gordon S. (2009). Empire of Liberty: A History of the Early Republic, 1789–1815.
 Oxford History of the United States. Oxford University Press. ISBN 9780195039146.
 Zinn, Howard (2003). A People's History of the United States (https://books.google.com/boo
 ks?id=9-FtlblxbLgC). HarperPerennial Modern Classics. ISBN 9780060528423.
 Zophy, Angela Howard, ed. (2000). Handbook of American Women's History (https://archive.
 org/details/handbookofameric00zoph) (2nd ed.). Garland. ISBN 9780824087449.
Catherine Locks, Sarah Mergel, Pamela Roseman, Tamara Spike & Marie Lasseter. 
History
 in the Making: A History of the People of the United States of America to 1877 (https://oer.ga
 lileo.usg.edu/history-textbooks/1/) // Dahlonega, Georgia : The University Press of North
 Georgia — 2013. ISBN: 978-0-9882237-3-8
 External links
 "Encyclopedia of American Studies" (http://eas-ref.press.jhu.edu).
 "US History map animation" (https://web.archive.org/web/20130117042507/http://www.houst
 onculture.org/kids/usmap.html). Houston Institute for Culture. Archived from 
the original (htt
 p://www.houstonculture.org/kids/usmap.html) on January 17, 2013. Retrieved July 24, 2011.
 "Edsitement, History & Social Studies" (https://web.archive.org/web/20130826003047/http://
 edsitement.neh.gov/subject/history-social-studies). 
National Endowment for the Humanities.
 Archived from 
the original (http://edsitement.neh.gov/subject/history-social-studies) on
 August 26, 2013.
 "The Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History" (http://www.gilderlehrman.org).
 "BackStory" (http://backstoryradio.org)., American history public radio show hosted by 
Ayers, Brian Balogh, and Peter Onuf
 Ed
 Retrieved from "
 https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=History_of_the_United_States&oldid=1318020685"