Nah. Once upon a time, the "media" was liberal. The billionaires just bought them all and now they dance to their tune. It's why so many people (most?) no longer use mainstream media for news. They only show you what they want you to see.
That's why you don't know about
the typhoon remnants that hit Alaska.
Madagascar overthrew their government
Nepal overthrew their government
Malaysia overthrew their government Indonesia has ongoing protests against their government.
All the nations of Europe with citizens protesting. [clarify: There are many protests going on across Europe, not that all of Europe is in a tizzy.]
All the young black men found dead, hanging from trees
the 1200+ people straight up missing from ICE custody. No trace.
the ongoing protests across the US against ICE. [clarify: The Portland and Los Angeles protests have been ongoing continuously for months. I don't know offhand how many other anti-ICE protests festivals are as continuous as those.]
Yeah. "Liberal media" and mainstream media are no longer synonymous.
Edit: I mixed up my Oceana countries, and made some corrections/clarifications. Also, something's going on in Peru
This is the plan for all dictators: an uneducated, hungry populace. From the book The Grapes of Wrath, written in 1939.
    “And the migrants streamed in on the highways and their hunger was in their eyes…When there was work for a man, ten men fought for it - fought with a low wage. If that fella’ll work for thirty cents, I’ll work for twenty-five.
   If he’ll take twenty-five, I’ll do it for twenty.
   No, me, I’m hungry. I’ll work for fifteen. I’ll work for food. The kids. You ought to see ‘em. Little boils, like comin’ out, an’ they can’t run aroun’….I’ll work for a little piece of meat.
   And this was good, for the wages went down and prices stayed up. The great owners were glad and they sent out more handbills to bring more people in. And wages went down and prices stayed up. And pretty soon now we’ll have serfs again.
   The great companies did not know that the line between hunger and anger is a thin line. And money that might have gone to wages went for gas, for guns, for agents and spies, for blacklists, for drilling. On the highways the people moved like ants and searched for work, for food. And the anger began to ferment.
               The Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck - Published 1939
Protests are also effective if they are a warning of more to come.
In France, protests are a warning against an incoming general strike. "Give in to our demands, or we strike".
What are the americans warning the US government against? Whats your follow up strategy? You guys need to figure out what your credible threat is. Civil disobedience? Riots? General strike? Like, what are you prepared to do when they don't give in?
If the answer is "protest more", then thats not gonna be effective.
Go organize strikes. Find the key industries that hurt the powers at be. Crowd fund strike money for them so they can go on strike. Make it hurt. Then protest again, after you have given them a small taste of what could be. Have a credible threat of "That was a small strike, a bigger one is coming". And then continue to escalate the size of the strikes until you are in a full, general nation-wide strike.
And you need to figure out your demands. Actionable demands. Impeachment of XYZ and jailment of them might be something. Maybe reform for the Supreme Court. maybe abolishment of FPTP and adoption a mixed-mode proportional voting so gerrymandering instantly becomes pointless. Figure out what the demands are. Because "No Kings" is a catchy slogan, but how will you ever measure your success?
You guys need to learn A LOT about protests, strikes and revolutions.
I attended the original Occupy Wall Street at Zucotti Square.
I think a lot of people don’t realize those protests were never about anything. The point was they were teaching people how to organize and protests.
All the daily lectures and activities were about how to organize your resources legally within the limitations of the law.
They taught us the strategies of the cops against large marches - kettling and how to avoid it.
They taught us to play to the media by putting all the charismatic people up front - all the parents with kids and the musicians, and how to hide the anarchists until it was ready to switch positions and retreat.
Consider how many large protests there was before Occupy and how many there were afterwards.
I was part of a union that regularly struck against our company every 3-5 years. The shift in public support before and after Occupy was palpable. Before, most people said “why should you get healthcare when I don’t?” The year after Occupy we had many high school and college students visiting our picket line and marching with us.
For years, the area I live in has been HEAVILY maga. We're talking not just yard signs, but the truck wraps, shirts, hats, bumper stickers, etc. EVERYWHERE.
I noticed a few months ago that the yard signs were disappearing, there's NONE on my daily commute now, whereas there used to be 14! i haven't seen a single red hat or Trump shirt in probably three weeks, which is crazy because I used to see one or both around ten times a day on average. (Public facing job.). Co-workers, acquaintances, even clients who used to constantly want to "discuss" politics are now finally able to talk about other things. People have even gone out of their way to remove bumper stickers, (at least two people that I know of, but there's got to be more because of how much fewer I see these days.) and the truck that used to be Trump wrapped has been rewrapped, quietly, and with none of the original fanfare of when he got the Trump wrap originally.
I know my area can be very different from the next, and what's happening here isn't the case everywhere, but I just wanted to point out that if I went by the internet, alone, I wouldn't have seen a difference. Down here on street level, though, the changes are so massive as to be almost unbelievable. That's one thing helping me keep the faith on the days it seems hard. Minds ARE changing, it's happening. At some rate.
Not OP but I had testicular torsion and ended up in the same situation.
Realistically, not really. Technically it is different down there with only one Jimmy and not a pair of them, but really it isn't affecting anything. Choking the chicken is still pretty much the same effect. I was told they do make fake ones that they can put in if it really affects someone that badly but to me it doesn't. Dating life isn't much different because I had no game before as it is, but I guess I have a story for it now if things get that close to home plate in the future. Sometimes I get a phantom pain down there in where the one used to be that committed sudoku, but it was more common right after surgery and now pretty rare like maybe once a month and more of a discomfort for about a minute. Phantom pain would be my guess.
Also, fuck testicular torsion. I still laugh at those memes like "poof I cast testicular torsion" in an argument etc but shit really does fucking hurt. In one way it was weird because unlike cancer you can't really feel for it in advance it just fucking happens, but on the other it wasn't really much other than a fucking awful dull pain that didn't go away on its own, then when it started swelling was when I was like ah fuck ER time. No real warning or anything it just fucking happened on its own like an aneurysm so there's that.
Also fun fact, torsion gets you to the front of the line at the ER like gunshot victims etc. Was maybe from lobby paperwork to IV in and talking to a surgeon in less than an hour.
My last name is Rope. Dale Rope IV if you want my full name. And rope making is fun (especially when you sling ropes for little Ropes!) Haha, that's just a family joke about trying for kids us Ropes throw around.
We really embrace the Rope lifestyle. Each Rope has a rope room where any ol' Rope can pull ropes to until their hands are chaffed and tired.
I have a credit card. It says "Dale Rope Jr." right on it.
Let's see, what else... Uhh we live in Northern Wisconsin right on or near Lake Superior and uhh, what else about me that you might find interesting, uhh, oh!
All of us Ropes don't live far from each other ("You can always reach out and grab a Rope!" my ma always says), and we have Rope ropes leading out our Rope homes that if you were to take in your hand and let it guide you, it'd lead to be a big rope knot where the other Rope ropes rope to and sometimes I'll rope my Rope rope, just randomly, ya know, when my Rope heart tells me to, and I'll rope out there with hot hands sliding along my Rope rope and I'll see the other Dale Ropes, there's a lot of us, really only us, just Dale Ropes of all sorts of numerical values and seniorities, and Us Dale Ropes will rope to the knot and just laugh and laugh as we tug and pull and laugh and rope and laugh.
We love ropes and we love Ropes. "Dale Rope Jr., you rope breathed son of a knot!" and stuff like that, ya know? Good ol' roping.
But there ain't a Rope among us who dares follow the lone rope, the deep rope, the rope no Dale goes. Ya see, from the knot, a rope extends. It meanders through the woods and such and there's no Dale Rope alive who has seen the end of it.
My daddy, Dale Rope III says that his grandaddy, Dale Rope Sr. took that rope like a true Rope and followed that rope for days, but it was a rope with no end. Just him along in the woods holding on for dear life to a rope the only way a Rope knows how. How he roped back is anyone's guess, but I'm sure only a Rope coulda done what grandaddy done.
Dale Rope Sr. didn't much talk after that, always kept a rope around his neck ready to have us rope him up, and as all Ropes go, my daddy and his brothers and cousins did Rope up Dale Rope Sr. from the Rope tree when his rope was up.
Maybe he did follow the lone rope after that. Of course he was buried in tightly bound rope as all Ropes are, but I wonder...
Eh, ya know what? Let's not bring down the mood.
We're talking ropes here! And I love ropes and would love to talk about ropes. And hey, if anyone wants to come up north to the Rope estate, well you're more than welcome! I got a rope shirt with your name on it and a Rope bed for rope pulling pleasure.
Yeah the AI thing is a huge problem right now, those Sora videos are really hard to spot if they're done in a subtle way (Stephen Hawking fucking pole-vaulting is not remotely close to what I'm talking about here, miss me with that)
Basically there's nothing online to trust anymore, we're so so so far into post-truth right now that people feel free to just go "the only source I trust is Trump" so if he says a source is fake, and one of his true believers reposts it and you counter with some link to some other source? The problem is obvious here
Related - when I read Dune as a younger person I couldn't understand the need for wax sealed documents with people attending their signing. As an adult watching the first movie I had a moment's hesitation where I still didn't get it, until I remembered where we're at in our own timeline with regard to digital information, and I realized the unfortunate genius of acknowledging this eventuality almost a century before it came to pass