Just to clarify, I am 100% an anti. The overwhelming, overwhelming majority of AI-generated content does not count as art to me. However, I am about to share an unpopular opinion and I don't expect a lot of people to agree with me. I came to this conclusion after a lot of thought into what I think makes something art, and after realizing that my definition would include a microscopic sliver of AI content, I decided that the question should be posited to the people on this sub. The example will be in the paragraph with the bolded first sentence, and the explanation of why I think it's art will be everything underneath, if you just wanna skip to the part where you get mad at me.
First, I need to share my definition of art. My practical definition of art (my personal definition has a lot of metaphor, but that's useless for the purpose of this post) is an engine of human expression, designed to evoke emotion, appreciation, and empathy, through the application of human effort, skill, and intention, where those skills are directly embodied in the final product.
The vast majority of AI art would not qualify for the simple reason that there is very rarely any application of human effort and skill, and even in the cases where some skill and intention were involved (some models have you draw or block a crude version of the final product) the skill is never embodied in the final product (I'll explain what I mean by that at the end) There also isn't enough person in there to empathize with. I consider empathy and emotion to only be possible with real people, so if the content was completely or mostly generated by algorithms, what am I supposed to empathize with? All of this is not to mention that even in the rare case some skill and effort is involved, it is rarely ever comparable with traditional art of similar quality.
Under this definition, photography like selfies and your average phone-captured pictures and videos people take are not considered art, since most people are not applying skill, intention, or effort into their photos. As much as I hate to admit it, there is some sliver of truth to the "it's just pressing a button" argument, since that really is all it is for people doing it for mundane, non-artistic purposes. Artistic photography easily fits the definition though, since a truly good photograph is an expression of skill, effort, and intention comparable to that of other forms of art. I don't think this take is truly controversial (dick pics are not art, a striking and tactful photograph of the male form with artistic intention behind it is).
Now here is where I think certain AI-generated content counts as art. If the criteria I stated above are met (Made to evoke emotion, applies human effort, skill, and intention that are embodied in the final product) then the content would be a form of generative art (historically a niche subcategory of art involving the artistic manipulation of randomness or algorithms). The example I would like to give is blunted somewhat by the fact that the show it comes from is, putting it lightly, painfully mediocre, so I forgive if people aren't willing to cut it any slack. However, I think that this example meets the above criteria, even if the quality of it is poor. The opening cinematic to Marvel's Disney+ series Secret Invasion is, in my opinion, art.
I want to address intention first, as this is the main reason I think it is art. AI was not used because it would be cheaper, or because the market demanded it, or because the artists were too lazy to do it themselves. It was not a replacement for human skill. The decision to use AI was a deliberate artistic choice that was meant to evoke an uncanny and fluid feeling in the viewer. The not-quite-right-ness of AI video at the time was leveraged as a strength that contributed to the vibe instead of a technical limitation. It directly symbolizes the replacement of humans by the skrulls (they look human, but they're not quite right). I also don't think the same effect is really replicable without AI. I'm sure some once-in-a-lifetime prodigy of artistic talent could come up with something similar, but in a practical sense I'm not going to make that unlikely scenario a disqualifier.. You can disagree with whether or not this was a good decision, and maybe it was partially out of laziness, but hey, I never said it was good art.
Human effort and skill definitely went into it as well. According to my research, the AI model used was trained directly and exclusively on concept art and training images that were created by the artists for this exact purpose. Nobody was stolen from, and a ton of work went into training the model - the art, the coding, and the other technical stuff. I can only imagine how much time it took to get it to actually function properly. The work of hundreds of people went into this. It was not just a prompt-and-done type situation. The process, to my knowledge, was similar enough to pre-AI generative art to count.
The iffy one is whether or not these elements were directly embodied in the final product. What exactly I mean by this is understandably confusing, but I've put a lot of thought into this and I do think it is a necessary component that doesn't often get spotlight. Here's a somewhat absurd example: If your friend tells you they've made a comic, and you see that comic, and you give them credit for that comic, only to find out that the friend did not actually do any drawing or writing, he took photos of nature (the means by which these photos were somehow converted into the comic does not matter. Pretend its magic, or ultra-advanced AI), then you would rightfully tell your friend "well, you didn't really make that comic, what you did was photography." With AI, it would be "Well, you didn't actually draw anything, you just wrote down a prompt (and in some cases some interfacing, and in extreme cases, engineering and programming and bugtesting etc. etc.). This is because to create art in a certain medium, you actually need to engage with that medium, and whatever skills you applied must directly translate into the final product. (I don't think I explained that very well, I'll elaborate or explain further upon request. Basically, you can't get a book without writing prose, a poem without writing verse, a painting without painting. You can't cook a good meal by painting. You can't sing a good song by coding. You must actually do the thing you are claiming.)
A case could be made for and against secret invasion here. You could argue that since the AI use is open and not hidden, and since everyone has the shared understanding that the opening was a product of AI, you could argue that the AI itself was the medium of expression. However, you could also argue that since the medium is something that could conceivably be created with CGI/animation, the skills of animation were not expressed in the final prodyct. I think I'd go with the more holistic first option in this case because there comes a point where you can get too strict with definitions.
Anyway, sorry for being so long. I just want to hear what other anti-AI people have to say about this. Would Secret Invasion's opening be considered art? Where would you draw the line? I'd also prefer if pros didn't comment here since I just want to hear the opinions of people against AI and the purpose of this post isn't for persuasion.