Cover of first issue
 (October/November 
1930)
 Domenico Ottomano
 Welcome to Wikipedia,
 the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
 114,046 active editors
 7,080,363 articles in English
 Oriental Stories was an American pulp magazine published by Popular Fiction
 and edited by Farnsworth Wright. It was launched in 1930 as a companion to
 Popular Fiction's Weird Tales, and carried stories with Far Eastern settings,
 including some fantasy. Contributors included Robert E. Howard, Frank Owen,
 and E. Hoffmann Price. In 1932 publication was paused; it was relaunched in
 1933 under the title The Magic Carpet Magazine, with an expanded editorial
 policy that now included any story set in an exotic location, including other
 planets. Some science fiction began to appear alongside the fantasy and adventure
 material as a result, including work by Edmond Hamilton. Wright obtained stories
 from H. Bedford Jones, who was a popular pulp writer, and Seabury Quinn. Most
 of the covers of The Magic Carpet Magazine were by Margaret Brundage.
 Competition from established pulps in the same niche was too strong, and after
 five issues under the new title the magazine ceased publication. (Full article...)
 Recently featured: Act of Accord · Red-billed quelea · Redshift
 ... that the alleged son (pictured) of an Ottoman sultan and an
 enslaved concubine became a Catholic friar?
 ... that the healthcare needs of intersex people depend on what
 physical characteristics they have?
 ... that Queen Isabella I lost her first husband to politics, her second to
 assassins, her third to a window, and her fourth to fish?
 ... that a study in 2024 found that about half of the 500 tonnes
 (1.1 million lb) of produce brought to the Nueva Vizcaya Agricultural
 Terminal daily was thrown out?
 ... that Thomas Schubert made his acting debut on the 2011 film
 Breathing, on the director's insistence that an amateur actor play the leading role?
 ... that the 2007 NFC Championship Game, with a temperature of −3 °F (−19 °C) and
 wind chill as low as −24 °F (−31 °C), was one of the coldest games in Lambeau Field
 history?
 ... that Sir Frederic Willans attended the deathbeds of Queen Alexandra and her son
 King George V?
 ... that while the United States publicly denied any wrongdoing in a 2013 drone strike on
 a wedding convoy, it likely gave over $1 million in compensation to the victims' families?
 From today's featured article
 Did you know ...
Sanae Takaichi
 Laurent Gbagbo
 ... that Alexander McIver took his fight to remain North Carolina's superintendent of
 public instruction all the way to the state supreme court?
 Sanae Takaichi (pictured) is elected as the first female prime minister
 of Japan by the National Diet.
 Eric Lu wins the International Chopin Piano Competition.
 Rodrigo Paz Pereira, a member of the Christian Democratic Party, is
 elected president of Bolivia.
 Pieces of the French Crown Jewels are stolen during a robbery from
 the Galerie d'Apollon of the Louvre in Paris.
 Ongoing: Gaza war (timeline · genocide) · Russo-Ukrainian war (timeline) ·
 Sudanese civil war (timeline)
 Recent deaths: Emman Atienza · Morris Chapman · Monique Pelletier ·
 Sofia Corradi · Jesús Montero · Yang Chen-Ning
 October 26
 1597 – Imjin War: Thirteen Korean ships commanded by Admiral Yi
 Sun-sin defeated a far larger Japanese invading fleet at the Battle of
 Myeongnyang in the Myeongnyang Strait.
 1813 – War of 1812: British forces and Mohawk allies under Charles
 de Salaberry repulsed an American attempt to invade Canada.
 1902 – A group of Russian explorers led by Baron von Toll left their
 camp on Bennett Island and disappeared without a trace.
 1905 – The Saint Petersburg Soviet held its first meeting, becoming
 the first elected body in Russia to represent workers.
 2000 – Following protests against military leader Robert Guéï, Laurent Gbagbo
 (pictured) became the president of Ivory Coast.
 Sir John Gell, 1st Baronet (d. 1671) · C. W. Post (b. 1854) · Rahmah el Yunusiyah
 (b. 1900) · Nikolay Alyokhin (b. 1954)
 More anniversaries: October 25 · October 26 · October 27
 In the news
 On this day
The grey-breasted partridge (Arborophila orientalis) is a bird species in the family
 Phasianidae. It is endemic to highland forest in the eastern salient of Java, Indonesia.
 Measuring 28 cm (11 in), the species is a stocky, short-legged bird. Its mostly grey plumage
 is barred on the lower back and tail. It has a black crown and nape, and conspicuous white
 forehead, cheeks and throat. The bare skin around the eyes is red, as are the legs, while the
 bill is black. This grey-breasted partridge was photographed in a nature preserve near the
 volcanic crater of Ijen in Banyuwangi Regency, Java.
 Photograph credit: JJ Harrison
 Recently featured: Human gait · The Conspiracy of Claudius Civilis · Pachygrapsus
 marmoratus
 Community portal – The central hub for editors, with resources, links, tasks, and
 announcements.
 Village pump – Forum for discussions about Wikipedia itself, including policies and
 technical issues.
 Site news – Sources of news about Wikipedia and the broader Wikimedia movement.
 Teahouse – Ask basic questions about using or editing Wikipedia.
 Help desk – Ask questions about using or editing Wikipedia.
 Reference desk – Ask research questions about encyclopedic topics.
 Content portals – A unique way to navigate the encyclopedia.
 Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit
 organization that also hosts a range of other volunteer projects:
 Today's featured picture
 Other areas of Wikipedia
 Wikipedia's sister projects
 Commons
 Free media repository MediaWiki
 Wiki software development
 Meta-Wiki
 Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks
 Free textbooks and manuals
 Wikidata
 Free knowledge base Wikinews
 Free-content news
 Wikiquote
 Collection of quotations Wikisource
 Free-content library
 Wikispecies
 Directory of species Wikiversity
 Free learning tools
 Wikivoyage
 Free travel guide Wiktionary
 Dictionary and thesaurus
 This Wikipedia is written in English. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are
 listed below.
 1,000,000+ articles
 ﺔﻴﺑﺮﻌﻟا · Deutsch · Español · ﯽﺳرﺎﻓ  · Français · Italiano · Nederlands · 
⽇本語
 · Polski ·
 Português · Русский · Svenska · Українська · Tiếng Việt · 
中文
250,000+ articles
 Bahasa Indonesia · Bahasa Melayu · Bân-lâm-gú · Български · Català · Čeština · Dansk ·
 Eesti · Ελληνικά · Esperanto · Euskara · תירבע · Հայերեն · 
한국어
 · Magyar · Norsk bokmål ·
 Română · Simple English · Slovenčina · Srpski · Srpskohrvatski · Suomi · Türkçe · Oʻzbekcha
 50,000+ articles
 Asturianu · Azərbaycanca · বাংলা · Bosanski · یدرﻮﮐ · Frysk · Gaeilge · Galego · Hrvatski ·
 ქართული · Kurdî · Latviešu · Lietuvių · മലയാളം · Македонски · ြမန်မာဘာသာ ·
 Norsk nynorsk · ਪੰਜਾਬੀ · Shqip · Slovenščina · ไทย · తెలుగు · ودرا
 Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=1317050686"
 Wikipedia languages